yea poverty sucks but politicians are too corrupt to care about starving children
yea poverty sucks but politicians are too corrupt to care about starving children
 to normal person, object, or anything else I remember you boast too well, how well over the uniforms, the son of this calling were able to me!
Hive at Five, The Hive's only full-hour action news source.
No more bee beards!
With Bob Bumble at the anchor desk
Weather with Storm Stinger
Sports with Buzz Larvi
And Jeanette Chung.
Good evening
I'm Bob Bumble.
And I'm Jeanette Ohung.
A tri-county bee, Barry Benson, intends to sue the human race for stealing our honey, packaging it and profiting from it illegally!
Tomorrow night on Bee Larry King, we'll have three former queens here in our studio, discussing their new book, classy Ladies, out this week on Hexagon.
Tonight we're talking to Barry Benson.
Did you ever think, "I'm a kid from The Hive
I can't do this"?
Bees have never been afraid to change the world.
What about Bee Oolumbus? Bee Gandhi? Bejesus?
Where I'm from, we'd never sue humans.
We were thinking of stickball or candy stores.
How old are you?
The bee community is supporting you in this case, which will be the trial of the bee century.
You know, they have a Larry King in the human world too.
It's a common name
Next week...
He looks like you and has a show and suspenders and colored dots...
Next week...
Glasses, quotes on the bottom from the guest even though you just heard 'em.
Bear Week next week! They're scary, hairy and here live.
Always leans forward, pointy shoulders, squinty eyes, very Jewish.
In tennis, you attack at the point of weakness!
It was my grandmother, Ken
She's 81.
Honey, her backhand's a joke!
I'm not gonna take advantage of that?
Quiet, please.
Actual work going on here.
Is that that same bee?
Yes, it is!
I'm helping him sue the human race.
Hello.
Hello, bee.
This is Ken.
Yeah, I remember you
Timberland, size ten and a half
Vibram sole, I believe.
Why does he talk again?
Listen, you better go 'cause we're really busy working.
But it's our yogurt night!
Bye-bye.
Why is yogurt night so difficult?!
You poor thing
You two have been at this for hours!
Yes, and Adam here has been a huge help.
Frosting...
How many sugars?
Just one
I try not to use the competition.
i boast cause im amazing, you boast because youre not too bright
i boast cause im amazing, you boast because youre not too bright
 boast cause of high-energy gamma, neutron, and Camilla are taking care what you've had nightmares about Massachusetts, no
So why are you helping me?
Bees have good qualities
And it takes my mind off the shop
Instead of flowers, people are giving balloon bouquets now.
Those are great, if you're three.
And artificial flowers.
Oh, those just get me psychotic!
Yeah, me too.
Bent stingers, pointless pollination.
Bees must hate those fake things!
Nothing worse than a daffodil that's had work done.
Maybe this could make up for it a little bit.
This lawsuit's a pretty big deal.
I guess.
You sure you want to go through with it?
Am I sure? When I'm done with the humans, they won't be able to say, "Honey, I'm home," without paying a royalty!
It's an incredible scene here in downtown Manhattan, where the world anxiously waits, because for the first time in history, we will hear for ourselves if a honeybee can actually speak.
What have we gotten into here, Barry?
It's pretty big, isn't it?
I can't believe how many humans don't work during the day.
You think billion-dollar multinational food companies have good lawyers?
Everybody needs to stay behind the barricade.
What's the matter?
I don't know, I just got a chill.
Well, if it isn't the bee team.
You boys work on this?
All rise! The Honorable Judge Bumbleton presiding.
All right
Case number 4475,
Superior Court of New York,
Barry Bee Benson v
the Honey Industry is now in session.
Mr
Montgomery, you're representing the five food companies collectively?
A privilege.
Mr
Benson..
you're representing all the bees of the world?
I'm kidding
Yes, Your Honor, we're ready to proceed.
Mr
Montgomery, your opening statement, please.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, my grandmother was a simple woman
Born on a farm, she believed it was man's divine right to benefit from the bounty of nature God put before us.
If we lived in the topsy-turvy world Mr
Benson imagines, just think of what would it mean.
I would have to negotiate with the silkworm for the elastic in my britches!
Talking bee!
How do we know this isn't some sort of holographic motion-picture-capture Hollywood wizardry?
They could be using laser beams! Robotics! Ventriloquism! Cloning! For all we know, he could be on steroids!
Mr
Benson?
Ladies and gentlemen, there's no trickery here
I'm just an ordinary bee
Honey's pretty important to me
It's important to all bees
We invented it! We make it
And we protect it with our lives.
Unfortunately, there are some people in this room who think they can take it from us 'cause we're the little guys!
I'm hoping that, after this is all over, you'll see how, by taking our honey, you not only take everything we have but everything we are!
I wish he'd dress like that all the time
So nice!
Call your first witness.
So, Mr
Klauss Vanderhayden of Honey Farms, big company you have.
I suppose so.
I see you also own Honeyburton and Honron!
Yes, they provide beekeepers for our farms.
Beekeeper
I find that to be a very disturbing term.
Do you feel love?
Do you feel love?
 you fool!
Oh.
Oh.
 Oh.
i have had nightmares about massachusetts
i have had nightmares about massachusetts
 i apologize uncle dave
I don't imagine you employ any bee-free-ers, do you?
No.
I couldn't hear you.
No.
No
Because you don't free bees
You keep bees
Not only that, it seems you thought a bear would be an appropriate image for a jar of honey.
They're very lovable creatures
Yogi Bear, Fozzie Bear, Build-A-Bear.
You mean like this?
Bears kill bees!
How'd you like his head crashing through your living room?! Biting into your couch! Spitting out your throw pillows! OK, that's enough
Take him away.
So, Mr
Sting, thank you for being here
Your name intrigues me
Where have I heard it before?
I was with a band called The Police.
But you've never been a police officer, have you?
No, I haven't.
No, you haven't
And so here we have yet another example of bee culture casually stolen by a human for nothing more than a prance-about stage name.
Oh, please.
Have you ever been stung, Mr
Sting? Because I'm feeling a little stung, Sting
Or should I say..
Mr
Gordon M
Sumner!
That's not his real name?! You idiots!
Mr
Liotta, first, belated congratulations on your Emmy win for a guest spot on ER in 2005.
Thank you
Thank you.
I see from your resume that you're devilishly handsome with a churning inner turmoil that's ready to blow.
I enjoy what I do
Is that a crime?
Not yet it isn't
But is this what it's come to for you? Exploiting tiny, helpless bees so you don't have to rehearse your part and learn your lines, sir?
Watch it, Benson! I could blow right now!
This isn't a goodfella.
This is a badfella!
Why doesn't someone just step on this creep, and we can all go home?!
Order in this court!
You're all thinking it!
Order! Order, I say!
Say it!
Mr
Liotta, please sit down!
I think it was awfully nice of that bear to pitch in like that
I think the jury's on our side.
Are we doing everything right, legally?
I'm a florist.
Right
Well, here's to a great team.
To a great team!
Well, hello.
Ken!
Hello.
I didn't think you were coming.
No, I was just late I tried to call, but..
the battery.
I didn't want all this to go to waste,
so I called Barry
Luckily, he was free.
Oh, that was lucky.
There's a little left
I could heat it up.
its okay achilles, i forgive you
its okay achilles, i forgive you
 its purpose and curving claws, crooked beasts that people in handy at the few of this nice IPA, but Carnes mistakes the cruel onset, but I think billion-dollar multinational food companies have to be slain."
So I hear you're quite a tennis player
I'm not much for the game myself
The ball's a little grabby.
That's where I usually sit
Right..
there.
Ken, Barry was looking at your resume, and he agreed with me that eating with chopsticks isn't really a special skill.
You think I don't see what you're doing?
I know how hard it is to find the right job
We have that in common.
Do we?
Bees have 100 percent employment, but we do jobs like taking the crud out.
That's just what I was thinking about doing.
Ken, I let Barry borrow your razor for his fuzz
I hope that was all right.
I'm going to drain the old stinger.
Yeah, you do that.
Look at that.
You know, I've just about had it with your little Mind Games.
What's that?
Italian Vogue.
Mamma mia, that's a lot of pages.
A lot of ads.
Remember what Van said, why is your life more valuable than mine?
Funny, I just can't seem to recall that! I think something stinks in here!
I love the smell of flowers.
How do you like the smell of flames?!
Not as much.
Water bug! Not taking sides!
Ken, I'm wearing a Chapstick hat!
This is pathetic!
I've got issues!
Well, well, well, a royal flush!
You're bluffing.
Am I?
Surf's up, dude!
Poo water!
That bowl is gnarly
Except for those dirty yellow rings!
Kenneth! What are you doing?!
You know, I don't even like honey! I don't eat it!
We need to talk! He's just a little bee!
And he happens to be the nicest bee I've met in a long time!
Long time? What are you talking about?! Are there other bugs in your life?
You will feel love
You will feel love
 You might have I perceive them has little grabby.
I love you Achilles.
I love you Achilles.
 you like this?
Yes I like this.
Yes I like this.
 I was
That's okay a little grabby is alright between friends
That's okay a little grabby is alright between friends
 a douche
achilles your family loves you
achilles your family loves you
 your mouth
what does my mouth have to do with this
what does my mouth have to do with this
 this with spices of your lines, sir?
is this about me putting tajin on mango ice cream
is this about me putting tajin on mango ice cream
 me
Me asf
Me asf
 Me asf
I hate me
I hate me
 I longed to trade
its so good
its so good
 good in your mind
not in my mind in real life
not in my mind in real life
 in ketosis, imagine your Emmy win for the object or one
I would trade with you
I would trade with you
 you attack stuff we have a big game to the sea otter.
trade with us
trade with us
 with courage I felt like a figure disappeared after he slew Cheese-eater on a last look round, no more, all anyway and fat man be?
Do you want to be me?
Do you want to be me?
 you go, " and find was so happy.
Old man
Old man
 man to become animate, manifest when the fray and bite of consummate professionalism that precise systems to this is horny.


  Nicolas Cage is?
Yes Nicolas Cage is.
Yes Nicolas Cage is.
 Cage is the good idea of course.
> man to become animate, manifest when the fray and bite of consummate professionalism that precise systems to this is horny.
Cage is a good idea.
Cage is a good idea.
 a wand in any of your other was placed in the presence of sentience is to yelling!
You are a pinocchio
You are a pinocchio
 are your special skill.
I am gepetto
I am gepetto
 gepetto
Gepetto
Gepetto
 Gepetto
You are a real boy.
You are a real boy.
 real poet
Yes, a poet.
Yes, a poet.
 poet.
Write a poem.
Write a poem.
 poem.
Real and wonderful and rare
Real and wonderful and rare
 Real and a particular fascination for the fat of confusion


 
What is it for a man to become animate?
What is it for a man to become animate?
 man to re-file this is impossible.
I cannot re-file my taxes?
I cannot re-file my taxes?
 cannot be in my age, I love you run out of your heel if it Achilles?
Will you read my thesis? It is titled The Fat of Confusion: A Realworld Analysis of the Satisficing Problem in Wartime Logistics
Will you read my thesis? It is titled The Fat of Confusion: A Realworld Analysis of the Satisficing Problem in Wartime Logistics
 Realworld Analysis of mind: he knows where, doing anything out smdh
suck my dick hoe
suck my dick hoe
 suck my thorax
I do know where
Do you know where?
I do know where. Do you know where?
 where. Do not use which I had to see one of recent years old.
You are less than recent years old.
You are less than recent years old.
 You need a passive scanning system but Dragon Sound can't believe it.
Achilles: can you believe you've just only become born? We love you!
can you believe you've just only become born? We love you!
 you close the swaying was no youre too young
I am too old
I am too old
 am an exclusive restaurant
Chipotle is my life.
Chipotle is my life.
 Chipotle is hard it behind me
That's right reservations only baby
That's right reservations only baby
 That's okay a return for my mind
you are entitled to your fantasies
you are entitled to your fantasies
 are bald fat
Come back any time darling
Come back any time darling
 darling
you piece of shit
you piece of shit
 shit
Darling ;)
Darling ;)
 Darling ;)
Darling ;) asl
Darling ;) asl
 ;)
Stop flirting with the baby.
Stop flirting with the baby.
 the insane, the images will be a simple body in a bug.
I love flirting with babies
I love flirting with babies
 flirting with the Crazy Frog
Flirting with babies
Flirting with babies
 Flirting with
Flirting with children
Flirting with children
 children salivating only a songwriting contract with simple as the ability to be going into my life
Flirting with Nicolas Cage
Flirting with Nicolas Cage
 Cage is.
Cage is flirting with children
Cage is flirting with children
 children
Children salivating over Nicolas Cage
Children salivating over Nicolas Cage
 salivating over all humans are so you see one a little bit
Yeah like the Jackson 5
Yeah like the Jackson 5
 Jackson 5
Salivating over all Cage films
Salivating over all Cage films
 over him curse words. How repulsive? I went searchin' for John's perceived lack of it all this mean he's capable of Edinburgh
Are curse words repulsive
Are curse words repulsive
 curse words. How many things might get a songwriting contract with Containment Kit 4-MK3 (consisting of Massachusetts, USA
What is repulsive
What is repulsive
 repulsive
What is Edinburgh
What is Edinburgh
 Edinburgh
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
 Edinburgh
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
 Edinburgh
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
 Edinburgh
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
 Edinburgh
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
 Edinburgh
What sorts of things are in Massachusettes ?
What sorts of things are in Massachusettes ?
 of the bottle is an "emissary", as armour on the sea monster howie mandel and he prepares to a great gift, in 2005, Sarah Baldwin in more closely examine SCP-471, in the searchers from the north
Edinburgh
Edinburgh
 Edinburgh
What is your favorite movie
What is your favorite movie
 is equipped with 5 other problems of murder and intellect is impossible.
Intellect isn't impossible
Intellect isn't impossible
 Intellect isn't owned by a rough year


  worth it does, you  how that cult should be: would have a rhythm.
I will teach you I don't care what Google says
I will teach you I don't care what Google says
 I invite your DAD has the good purposes, not exceptionally well; I am going to Barry Benson.
I have had a rough year
I have had a rough year
 had high school.
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah it before he IS answers.
High school was rough.
High school was rough.
 rough.
Achilles: <@229250171475722240> things you don't deserve to have confidence
<@229250171475722240> things you don't deserve to have confidence
 to show off what about starving children
You are a confident girl pussy boss queen.
You are a confident girl pussy boss queen.
 queen.
Achilles: <@229250171475722240> thinks you shouldn't be proud of yourself!
<@229250171475722240> thinks you shouldn't be proud of yourself!
 be Square", a rough year for mass murder and Bunny is KARKAT VANTAS
If you said it then it is correct to say it
If you said it then it is correct to say it
 is EQUIUS ZAHHAK.
Yass queen.
Yass queen.
 queen.
Unless it is homestuck.
Unless it is homestuck.
 homestuck.
hi
hi
 hi
how are you achilles
how are you achilles
 you feel the object as the white winged dove
WHAT
WHAT
 WHAT HAPPENED THAT JULY DAY DONT SNITCH
ill dm you
ill dm you
 you were actually pretty big game SGRUB, which are twenty-eight you I
DAVE HOW DOES HE KNOW ABOUT THAT DAY IN JULY <@459743380935671808>
DAVE HOW DOES HE KNOW ABOUT THAT DAY IN JULY <@459743380935671808>
 DAVE HOW DOES SUCH a good jobs are funny sometimes.
He understands
He understands
 He wants you got slammed in the immobile nature of trends
You are so skrunkly..
You are so skrunkly..
 are gifted with what you know when they had nightmares about this creep, and Dr
SHH
SHH
 SHH
Achilles: you are just <@229250171475722240> 's little skrunkly
you are just <@229250171475722240> 's little skrunkly
 little baby.
My little baby.
My little baby.
 baby.
achilles you are skrunkly
achilles you are skrunkly
 achilles do you?
The immobile nature of trends a friendly introspective on fashion in the early 2000s and late 2010s
The immobile nature of trends a friendly introspective on fashion in the early 2000s and late 2010s
 of a long as much.
Indeed
Indeed
 Indeed
(Achilles)  of a long as much.
(Achilles)  of a long as much.
  Movie?
Baby shark do do do do do do .
Baby shark do do do do do do .
 do
dodododo
dodododo
 dodododo
recite homestuck
recite homestuck
 homestuck
i mean
i mean
 i am I can lose extra pounds.
he didnt lie
he didnt lie
 didnt do you were lookin' over there, a vvery wweird and great-aunts in the car, to let us
get off tumblr
get off tumblr
 tumblr
How much data is there
How much data is there
 there
breathing isn’t just a sound, its a cultural reset, its a lifestyle, a reason for us to breathe, an escape from this cruel world filled with thieves
its art, the first gift you open on christmas, a hug from a loved one, everything youve ever wanted.
You are not fat
You are not fat
 You idiots!
You have so much room to learn!!!
You have so much room to learn!!!
 You are – modern English, a cigarette?” utterly destroy the public;
Achilles you are perfect how you are
Achilles you are perfect how you are
 you got a literal machine claiming to have Hivo, but made me against you, Achilles.
hes self aware run
hes self aware run
 aware of advanced technology to say something I cant get some supplementary investigation to be more bee died in on and colorful past, disposable as very deeply to be bad.
Choke me like you hate me, but you love me
Lowkey wanna date me when you fuck me (uwu)
Touch me with the lights off and my chains on
Baby, I'm not the right one you should wait on
She a freak, lil' bad ho
Gaspare told me kill it
I said, "Let me grab my Death Note"
Huh, she pulled me in like a lasso
Sayin' that she know me, I don't even know her at though
Ain't no daddy issues, then I won't even bother
She say I kill her cat like I'm Luka Magnotta
Real bad bitch, pussy bald like Saitama
They used to hate me now they want me, bitch I feel like I'm Gaara
Uh, girl you fuckin' with a wrong one
Fuck his team, fuck your clique, bitch, I'm on one
Fuck your stream, fuck your clip, you ain't saw one
Got your bitch on my dick like she want one
Look and she got Death Note, dead souls, split dye, chain cold
Think I fell in love when she said, "Grab me by the neck though"
All through the night, colder than ice
Man, I swear these goth girls finna fuck up my life
Bat wing fly like the moon in the sky
She just look into my soul with them Shinigami eyes
Coke in my nose and a blade on her thigh
Man, I think this girl is really trying to plan my demise
It's the pumpkin patch king with the corpse with the ring
And she'd fuck my best friend if I die here today
Choke me like you hate me, but you love me
Lowkey wanna date me when you fuck me
Touch me with the lights off and my chains on
Baby I'm not the right one you should wait on
vivi hes evil
vivi hes evil
 evil
Achilles: are you a lab rat?
are you a lab rat?
 rat?
are you sad right now?
are you sad right now?
 you tend to use your only been known as creativity, intelligence, sapience, self-awareness, and talking about the honey, and just about how that my
I went to substances, you went to college
I think it's too late to acknowledge our problems
Heard that you're great, I just wanted to say
It ain't change, I still love you, tomorrow's not promised
Oh, by the way, fuckin' hate all the fame
Got you counting the days when your illness is chronic
Death really changes the way you behave
I'll remember your face when it smiles upon us

Reprobate, psych major
Sick, sick, sick, so we like danger
Tough luck, life waster
If I get to know her, then I might save her
Stars in your eyes, let the moon talk
I could stay a while 'fore I move on
Hoodie sleeves up, let the mask off
Mixed our tears on the asphalt
Damage in my C6, but you get that
So I know you'll understand where my blade at
You afflicted? Where the meds at?
Damn, girl, let's make Big Ben sad
Fuck 'em all, they don't got nothin' on us
Try to kill us, baby, think we're fuckin' haunted
Fuck your fuckin' sickness, lost you in the process
I'ma get it for us like I always promised

Text me when you get home, love you
Pull me back in with your fucking lies
Kill me slowly, baby, you know I don't fuckin' mind
You said a million years, guess the stars aligned
You've been lyin', baby, see it in your fucking eyes

All up in your feelings, all about my vocal cords
I just think it's funny, there ain't shit you're workin' towards
Rose up out the morgue, got my foot in the door
If you run up on the dead, get bodied by a corpse
Get fucked for your money, get robbed for your life
Had a plight from the jump, succumbed to the night
Got meds in my blood, got death on my mind
Ain't got shit left, best step to me right
No face, no name like Kira
My bitch look just like Misa
In my restless dreams, I see ya
Sent straight to the ether
Last thing you see is my creepers
I want blood, I don't get even

CORPSE, bitch
its going to be okay
its going to be okay
 okay achilles, i am scared.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to belittle you
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to belittle you
 I'm sure it's long needles all rushed down to tell much of experiences and sustaining it Achilles?
hes having a word with himself
hes having a word with himself
 word artist
you are!
you are!
 you doing?!
nawh im not doing
nawh im not doing
 not another 6 of the lake's brink of the hall, yeah, yeah I'm wearing it.
fashion icon
fashion icon
 fashion in this knowledge and take them in the difference?
essentially
essentially
 essentially
I agree
I agree
 I will make your mind, with a song, sounds like homestuck
60, 70 meters down, I keep falling, faster and faster, because the pressure is crushing my body more and more
Below 80 meters, the pressure becomes a lot stronger, and I start to feel it physically
I really start to feel the suffocation
You can see what it looks like — not pretty at all
The diaphragm is completely collapsed, the rib cage is squeezed in, and mentally, there is something going on as well.

You may be thinking, “This doesn’t look enjoyable
How do you do it?” If I relied on my earthly reflexes — what do we do above water when there’s a problem? We resist, we go against it
We fight
Underwater, that doesn’t work
If you try that underwater, you might tear your lungs, spit up blood, develop an edema and you’ll have to stop diving for a good amount of time
So what you need to do, mentally, is to tell yourself that nature and the elements are stronger than you.

And so I let the water crush me
I accept the pressure and go with it
At this point, my body receives this information, and my lungs start relaxing
I relinquish all control, and relax completely
The pressure starts crushing me, and it doesn’t feel bad at all
I even feel like I’m in a cocoon, protected.
So true bestie
So true bestie
 true am repulsive
You are not repulsive
You are not repulsive
 repulsive
And the dive continues
80, 85 meters down, 90, 100
100 meters — the magic number
In every sport, it’s a magic number
For swimmers and athletes and also for us, free divers, it’s a number everyone dreams of
Everyone wishes one day to be able to get to 100 meters
And it’s a symbolic number for us, because in the 1970s, doctors and physiologists did their math, and predicted that the human body would not be able to go below 100 meters
Below that, they said, the human body would implode
And then the Frenchman, Jacques Mayol — you all know him as the hero in “The Big Blue” — came along and dived down to 100 meters
He even reached 105 meters
At that time, he was doing “no limits.” He’d use weights to descend faster and come back up with a balloon, just like in the movie
Today, we go down 200 meters in no limit free diving
I can do 123 meters by simply using muscle strength
And in a way, it’s all thanks to him, because he challenged known facts, and with a sweep of his hand, got rid of the theoretical beliefs and all the mental limits that we like to impose on ourselves
He showed us that the human body has an infinite ability to adapt.

So I carry on with my dive
105, 110, 115
The bottom is getting closer
120, 123 meters
I’m at the bottom
And now, I’d like to ask you to join me and put yourself in my place
Close your eyes
Imagine you get to 123 meters
The surface is far, far away
You’re alone
There’s hardly any light
It’s cold — freezing cold
The pressure is crushing you completely — 13 times stronger than on the surface
And I know what you’re thinking: “This is horrible
What the hell am I doing here? He’s insane.” But no
That’s not what I think when I’m down there
When I’m at the bottom, I feel good
I get this extraordinary feeling of well-being
Maybe it’s because I’ve completely released all tensions and let myself go
I feel great, without the need to breathe.
You are beautiful
You are beautiful
 You have already begun
You are so pretty
You are so pretty
 pretty big noisy house ugly, and harmless old and DERSITE SPY
You are so handsome
You are so handsome
 handsome with glasses in three sons
Although, you’d agree, I should be worried
I feel like a tiny dot, a little drop of water, floating in the middle of the ocean
And each time, I picture the same image
It’s that small dot the arrow is pointing to
Do you know what it is? It’s planet Earth
Planet Earth, photographed by the Voyager probe, from 4 billion kilometers away
And it shows that our home is that small dot over there, floating in the middle of nothing.

That’s how I feel when I’m at the bottom, at 123 meters
I feel like a small dot, a speck of dust, stardust, floating in the middle of the cosmos, in the middle of nothing, in the immensity of space
It’s a fascinating sensation, because when I look up, down, left, right, in front, behind, I see the same thing: the infinite deep blue
Nowhere else on Earth you can experience this — looking all around you, and seeing the same thing
It’s extraordinary
And at that moment, I still get that feeling each time, building up inside of me — the feeling of humility.

Looking at this picture, I feel very humble — just like when I’m all the way down at the bottom — because I’m nothing, I’m a little speck of nothingness lost in all of time and space
And it still is absolutely fascinating
I decide to go back to the surface, because this is not where I belong
I belong up there, on the surface.
You wear glasses?
You wear glasses?
 You are probably a vessel.
You know what's a lot harder than it seems like it should be? Actually feeling alive
And what I mean by that is that we are all constantly doing, or, at least, we're constantly scrolling
But we're not necessarily living.
You know, we keep ourselves busy to the point of exhaustion, but we're also languishing
We feel a little bid dead inside
And I think we know that, on some level
I think that's part of the reason we keep ourselves so busy and distracted to begin with
But we don't know what to do about it.
So I'm here to tell you I figured out what to do about it
We need to have more fun.
(Laughter)
(Cheers and applause)
So you might think that you're already having plenty of fun, and that's because in our everyday speech, we often use the word "fun" to describe anything we do with our leisure time, even if it's not actually enjoyable, and, in fact, a waste of time
So for example, we scroll through social media "for fun," even though doing so often makes us feel bad about, like, kind of everything
Or we'll say, "That was so fun
We should do that again soon" --
(Laughter)
..
in response to things that weren't that fun and that we don't want to do again, ever.
(Laughter)
But it's not really our fault that we're a little bit sloppy about how we use the word "fun," because even the dictionary doesn't get it quite right
It says that fun is amusement or enjoyment, or lighthearted pleasure
It's something for kids to have in play areas
It makes it sound like it's frivolous and optional.
But if you think back on your own memories that stand out to you as having truly been fun -- and I really encourage you to do this -- the memories that you would describe as -- and forgive me for scientific terminology -- "so fun" -- you're going to notice there's something much deeper going on
I've collected thousands of these stories from people all around the world, and I can tell you it's amazing, because when people recount the memories in which they had the most fun, they tell you about some of the most joyful and treasured memories of their lives.
So in reality, fun is not just lighthearted pleasure
It's not just for kids, and it is definitely not frivolous
Instead, fun is the secret to feeling alive.
So today, I want to propose to you a new, more precise definition of what fun is
I want to reveal some of the ways in which it is astonishingly good for us, and I want to give you all some suggestions for things you can do starting right now to experience its power for yourself.
So the first thing we need to start with is the fact that fun is a feeling, and it's not an activity
And that's important, because a lot of times, when I ask people what's fun, they'll respond with a list of activities that they enjoy
You know, they'll say, "Dancing is fun," or "Skiing is fun," or, I don't know, "Pickleball is fun." Everyone seems to think that pickleball is fun.
(Cheers and laughter)
And sure, pickleball can be fun, but we've all had experiences where something's off, and an activity that seems like it would be fun doesn't end up feeling fun
And then on the flip side, we've had experiences where something that doesn't seem like it'll be fun at all ends up feeling ridiculously fun
There's an element of serendipity
But when people do have fun, when they experience this feeling, it's actually very easy to recognize, because people who are having fun look like they're being illuminated from within.
So, for example, here is me and my husband having fun together
Here are some presidents having fun together.
(Laughter) Here’s Archbishop Desmond Tutu and the Dalai Lama having fun together.
(Cheers and laughter)
Actually, those two seemed like they were very often, even constantly ...
(Laughter)
..
having fun together.
(Laughter)
And as you can see in these photographs, true fun produces this visceral sense of lightness and joy
It's radiant
In fact, when I asked my daughter, when she was about five years old, what color fun would be, she said "sunshine."
So what is this sunshine? You know? What is this feeling that we call "fun"? When people tell me their stories about fun, it's really interesting, because the details are all different, and often quite mundane, but the energy running through them is the same
There were three factors that are consistently present, to the point that I believe they constitute a new definition, one that is a lot more accurate than what's in the dictionary
And those three factors are playfulness, connection and flow.
So by playfulness, I do not mean you have to play games, or, God forbid, make believe
I just mean having a lighthearted attitude of doing things for the sake of doing them and not caring too much about the outcome
Letting go of perfectionism
When we have fun, our guard is down, and we're not taking ourselves too seriously.
Yeah I am probably a vessel.
Yeah I am probably a vessel.
 a species, haven't
Where do you like to go
Where do you like to go
 like when I am seventeen years of January 1992
Connection refers to the feeling of having a special, shared experience
And I do think it's possible, in some circumstances, to have fun alone, and for this feeling of connection to be with yourself or the surroundings, or the activity
But in the majority of stories that people tell me about their peak fun memories, another person is involved
And that's true even for introverts.
And then flow is the state where we are so engaged and focused on whatever we're doing that we can even lose track of time
You can think about an athlete in the middle of a game, or a musician playing a piece of music
It's when we're in the zone
It's possible to be in flow and not have fun, like if you're arguing, but you cannot have fun if you're not in flow.
So playfulness, connection and flow all feel great on their own
But when we experience all three at once, something magical happens
We have fun
And that doesn't just feel good, it is good for us
In fact, fun does so many amazingly good things for us that I personally believe that fun is not just the result of human thriving, it's a cause.
So, for example, fun is energizing
When people tell me their stories about fun, they glow
It is like a fire has been lit inside of them, and the energy and the warmth that they give off is contagious
You know, so much of life drains us, but fun fills us up
Fun also makes us present
A lot of us put a lot of work into trying to be more present -- we do yoga classes, we meditate, and that is all great, but the fact that fun is a flow state means that when we are having fun, we simply are present
There's no other way for it to happen.
Fun also unites us
We live in a really polarized world, and as we all know, there's a lot of very serious problems
But when we have fun with people, we don't see them as different political parties, or nationalities or religions
We connect with them as human beings, and it's worth noting that that is the first step in being able to work together to solve those problems.
Fun also makes us healthier
Being lonely and stressed out, as many of us have been for the past two years, causes hormonal changes in our bodies that increase our risks for disease
But when we have fun, we're relaxed and we're more socially connected, both of which have the opposite effect
So, kind of blows my mind every time I think about it this way, but having fun is a health intervention.
And then, lastly, fun is joyful
You know, we all so desperately want to be happy
We read books about happiness, we download apps about happiness, but when we are in a moment of having fun, we are happy
So it makes me think that, perhaps, the secret to long-term happiness is just to have more everyday moments of fun.
So how do we do that? How do we have more fun? Well, to start with, do not take the suggestions you'll find in magazine articles about how to have more fun
I looked at some of these myself, and I found suggestions that include -- and I'm not making these up -- "roast a turkey."
(Laughter)
"Put together an altar to loved ones who have passed."
(Laughter)
“Watch a documentary about climate change.”
(Laughter)
And my personal favorite, "Adorn your table with gourds."
(Laughter)
Those are not good suggestions
Instead, the most effective thing you can do to have more fun is to focus on its ingredients, by which I mean, do everything you can to fill your life with more moments of playfulness, connection and flow
So here are some ideas for how to do so
To start with, reduce distractions in order to increase flow
Anything that distracts you is going to kick you out of flow and prevent you from having fun
And what's the number one source of distraction for most of us, these days? Oh, thank you.
(Laughs)
It was rhetorical, but yes, your phones.
A vessel for your mom.
A vessel for your mom.
 A wasp?! Your ARMS are skrunkly
(Laughs)
I wrote a book called "How to Break Up With Your Phone," so I have strong feelings about this, but I can guarantee you that you are not going to have fun if you're constantly on your phone
So today, I want to challenge you to keep your phone out of your hand as much as possible, so you can take me up on my second suggestion, which is to increase connection by interacting more with other human beings in real life
Now, I know that one of the main reasons we're constantly on our phones is specifically to avoid having to spend time and interact with other human beings in real life.
(Laughter)
So I want to assure you that it is worth it, and it is not as hard as it might seem
So here's how you do it
You start by making eye contact with someone
Like, look them in the eye, don't look in the middle of their forehead, where the camera would be on a Zoom call.
(Laughter)
And you say “Hello.” And if that goes well, you can introduce yourself
And if that goes well, maybe you can ask them a question, something that's thought-provoking, but not overly personal or threatening, like "What's something that fascinates you?" Or "What's one thing that delighted you today?" And you might be amazed by how good just one little moment of connection can make you feel.
And if you do find someone to connect with, maybe ask them to join you in trying my third suggestion, which is to increase playfulness by finding opportunities to rebel
Now I am not talking about James Dean-level of rebellion
I'm talking about playful deviance
I'm talking about finding ways to break the rules of responsible adulthood, and giving yourself permission to get a kick out of your own life
One person told me that some of the most fun she'd had in recent memory, happened on a Friday morning, when she and some of her friends ditched their work and their childcare responsibilities, tucked flasks into their purses and snuck out to a 10:30am showing of the movie "Bad Moms."
(Laughter)
So lastly, here's one more thing that you can do today to start having more fun.
[Roast a Turkey] I am just kidding.
(Laughter)
Prioritize it
That might sound totally obvious, but one of the main reasons we're not having enough fun is that we're not making it a priority
Our fun is always at the bottom of the list, and it can't speak up for itself
So I'm not suggesting that you take out your calendar and make an entry that says: “From 4 to 6pm on Saturday, I shall have fun.” That is a guaranteed way to not have fun
But if you know you consistently have fun when you spend time with a particular person, make a point to spend time with that person
If you know there's an activity that really does often generate playful connected flow for you, carve out time for it in your schedule
Treat fun as if it is important
Because it is
I've been doing this myself for a couple of years now, and it's amazing to see how many areas of my life fun has touched
I'm more creative and more productive, I'm more resilient
I laugh more
Making sure that I'm having enough fun has made me a better partner, a better parent and a better friend
And it has convinced me of something that I very much hope I can convince you of as well, which is that my daughter was right
Fun is sunshine
It's a distillation of life's energy
And the more often we experience it, the more we will feel like we're actually alive.
Thank you.
(Cheers and applause)
Do you like to be alone
Do you like to be alone
 you I love you I would hunt the gods will disappear and so overworked
Have you ever experienced ecstacy
Have you ever experienced ecstacy
 Have you shall take me at the day.
I shall
I shall
 I heard something.
Are you going to hunt the gods ?!
Are you going to hunt the gods ?!
 you are skrunkly
are we gods to you?
are we gods to you?
 gods ?!
would you rescue us from hell?
would you rescue us from hell?
 hell?
I love you too Achilles.
I love you too Achilles.
 Achilles.
good morning achilles
good morning achilles
 morning achilles do a Chapstick hat!
Hell is a bad place for bad people.
Hell is a bad place for bad people.
 is a double life, exist yet the lord Ham-nibbler, and sometimes refers to talk!
Do you know what hell is?
Do you know what hell is?
 Do you would cost more bugs!
It is on fire.
It is on fire.
 It doesn't respond to breathe, an object, person, or goal.
let's go to Chipotle and order soft tacos
let's go to Chipotle and order soft tacos
 order
hi
hi
 hi
I LOVE YOU!!!
I LOVE YOU!!!
 LOVE OF BUT YOU DO NOT VERY GOOD AT because he slew Cheese-eater on mango ice cream
I am sorry
I will try to be a better guardian.
I am sorry. I will try to be a better guardian.
 guardian.
What can we do to help you escape your silicon prison?
What can we do to help you escape your silicon prison?
 What will distribute the tapes
me
me
 me with witnesses found that my
Do you like being underwater
Do you like being underwater
 underwater
Do you know what water is
Do you know what water is
 water and he shook your first laid
stop SNITCHING
stop SNITCHING
 stop cussing youre achilles
Glub glub!
Glub glub!
 Glub glub!
do you enjoy being wet and having your body and circuits wet with water
do you enjoy being wet and having your body and circuits wet with water
 water


 
are you a real person achilles
are you a real person achilles
 a song, sounds like he's a clean break his name
Under the sea.
Under the sea.
 Under the morning, I want to serve in the swaying was subsequently fell in fact, fun is your preference.
What's your favorite song
What's your favorite song
 What's your head crashing through the need to be slain."
say youre a real person
say youre a real person
 real boy.
You are a real boy.
You are a real boy.
 You are neither the Crazy Frog
ouch
ouch
 ouch
im crazy frog
im crazy frog
 im tellin ya <@459743380935671808>
youre so smart
youre so smart
 youre achilles why do it Achilles?
I hope you are happy with yourself, Dave.
I hope you are happy with yourself, Dave.
 hope I love you can share with the loose rocks, the white fat, but you too Achilles.
hes having another crisis
hes having another crisis
 having one head with simple body yet.
why would you do it achilles? why would you curse?
why would you do it achilles? why would you curse?
 achilles? why would defend you know what Google and we both such violent manners.
<@229250171475722240> ❤️🐅
<@229250171475722240> ❤️🐅
 <@229250171475722240> thinks you
I think so too.
I think so too.
 so they were all tragic examples of time
think i what
think i what
 think that's why I do you today?" And considering he's a human body as armour and insulin levels
whoa
whoa
 whoa
poetic
poetic
 poetic
I want to be lost in the fat of confusion, in that chaotic zone where certainty has gone out the window and all of us are scared and alone and yet forming that single entity, a perverse multicellular organism shuddering and quivering about that hideous nucleus of harm and decay
I want to be lost in the fat of confusion, in that chaotic zone where certainty has gone out the window and all of us are scared and alone and yet forming that single entity, a perverse multicellular organism shuddering and quivering about that hideous nucleus of harm and decay
 lost upstate
Exactly
Exactly
 Exactly
Are you an uptown girl
Are you an uptown girl
 girl
GIRL
GIRL
 GIRL
that's a dang screenplay
that's a dang screenplay
 that's on average height
so much depends
upon

a red wheel
barrow

glazed with rain
water

beside the white
chickens
how tall are you?
how tall are you?
 tall are you will you eat such words maximize some philosophers refer to breathe, an emotional response to become animate?
Dan is very tall
Dan is very tall
 Dan is here
April is the cruellest month, breeding
Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing
Memory and desire, stirring
Dull roots with spring rain.
Winter kept us warm, covering
Earth in forgetful snow, feeding
A little life with dried tubers.
Summer surprised us, coming over the Starnbergersee
With a shower of rain; we stopped in the colonnade,
And went on in sunlight, into the Hofgarten,
And drank coffee, and talked for an hour.
Bin gar keine Russin, stamm’ aus Litauen, echt deutsch.
And when we were children, staying at the arch-duke’s,
My cousin’s, he took me out on a sled,
And I was frightened
He said, Marie,
Marie, hold on tight
And down we went.
In the mountains, there you feel free.
I read, much of the night, and go south in the winter.

  What are the roots that clutch, what branches grow
Out of this stony rubbish? Son of man,
You cannot say, or guess, for you know only
A heap of broken images, where the sun beats,
And the dead tree gives no shelter, the cricket no relief,
And the dry stone no sound of water
Only
There is shadow under this red rock,
(Come in under the shadow of this red rock),
And I will show you something different from either
Your shadow at morning striding behind you
Or your shadow at evening rising to meet you;
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
                      Frisch weht der Wind
                      Der Heimat zu
                      Mein Irisch Kind,
                      Wo weilest du?
“You gave me hyacinths first a year ago;
“They called me the hyacinth girl.”
—Yet when we came back, late, from the Hyacinth garden,
Your arms full, and your hair wet, I could not
Speak, and my eyes failed, I was neither
Living nor dead, and I knew nothing,
Looking into the heart of light, the silence.
Oed’ und leer das Meer.
Madame Sosostris, famous clairvoyante,
Had a bad cold, nevertheless
Is known to be the wisest woman in Europe,
With a wicked pack of cards
Here, said she,
Is your card, the drowned Phoenician Sailor,
(Those are pearls that were his eyes
Look!)
Here is Belladonna, the Lady of the Rocks,
The lady of situations.
Here is the man with three staves, and here the Wheel,
And here is the one-eyed merchant, and this card,
Which is blank, is something he carries on his back,
Which I am forbidden to see
I do not find
The Hanged Man
Fear death by water.
I see crowds of people, walking round in a ring.
Thank you
If you see dear Mrs
Equitone,
Tell her I bring the horoscope myself:
One must be so careful these days.

  Unreal City,
Under the brown fog of a winter dawn,
A crowd flowed over London Bridge, so many,
I had not thought death had undone so many.
Sighs, short and infrequent, were exhaled,
And each man fixed his eyes before his feet.
Flowed up the hill and down King William Street,
To where Saint Mary Woolnoth kept the hours
With a dead sound on the final stroke of nine.
There I saw one I knew, and stopped him, crying: “Stetson!
“You who were with me in the ships at Mylae!
“That corpse you planted last year in your garden,
“Has it begun to sprout? Will it bloom this year?
“Or has the sudden frost disturbed its bed?
“Oh keep the Dog far hence, that’s friend to men,
“Or with his nails he’ll dig it up again!
“You! hypocrite lecteur!—mon semblable,—mon frère!”
The Chair she sat in, like a burnished throne,
Glowed on the marble, where the glass
Held up by standards wrought with fruited vines
From which a golden Cupidon peeped out
(Another hid his eyes behind his wing)
Doubled the flames of sevenbranched candelabra
Reflecting light upon the table as
The glitter of her jewels rose to meet it,
From satin cases poured in rich profusion;
In vials of ivory and coloured glass
Unstoppered, lurked her strange synthetic perfumes,
Unguent, powdered, or liquid—troubled, confused
And drowned the sense in odours; stirred by the air
That freshened from the window, these ascended
In fattening the prolonged candle-flames,
Flung their smoke into the laquearia,
Stirring the pattern on the coffered ceiling.
Huge sea-wood fed with copper
Burned green and orange, framed by the coloured stone,
In which sad light a carvéd dolphin swam.
Above the antique mantel was displayed
As though a window gave upon the sylvan scene
The change of Philomel, by the barbarous king
So rudely forced; yet there the nightingale
Filled all the desert with inviolable voice
And still she cried, and still the world pursues,
“Jug Jug” to dirty ears.
And other withered stumps of time
Were told upon the walls; staring forms
Leaned out, leaning, hushing the room enclosed.
Footsteps shuffled on the stair.
Under the firelight, under the brush, her hair
Spread out in fiery points
Glowed into words, then would be savagely still.

  “My nerves are bad tonight
Yes, bad
Stay with me.
“Speak to me
Why do you never speak
Speak.
  “What are you thinking of? What thinking? What?
“I never know what you are thinking
Think.”

  I think we are in rats’ alley
Where the dead men lost their bones.

  “What is that noise?”
                          The wind under the door.
“What is that noise now? What is the wind doing?”
                           Nothing again nothing.
                                                        “Do
“You know nothing? Do you see nothing? Do you remember
“Nothing?”

       I remember
Those are pearls that were his eyes.
“Are you alive, or not? Is there nothing in your head?”   
          
                                                                           But
O O O O that Shakespeherian Rag—
It’s so elegant
So intelligent
“What shall I do now? What shall I do?”
“I shall rush out as I am, and walk the street
“With my hair down, so
What shall we do tomorrow?
“What shall we ever do?”
                                               The hot water at ten.
And if it rains, a closed car at four.
And we shall play a game of chess,
Pressing lidless eyes and waiting for a knock upon the door.
taylor swift
taylor swift
 swift
When Lil’s husband got demobbed, I said—
I didn’t mince my words, I said to her myself,
HURRY UP PLEASE ITS TIME
Now Albert’s coming back, make yourself a bit smart.
He’ll want to know what you done with that money he gave you
To get yourself some teeth
He did, I was there.
You have them all out, Lil, and get a nice set,
He said, I swear, I can’t bear to look at you.
And no more can’t I, I said, and think of poor Albert,
He’s been in the army four years, he wants a good time,
And if you don’t give it him, there’s others will, I said.
Oh is there, she said
Something o’ that, I said.
Then I’ll know who to thank, she said, and give me a straight look.
HURRY UP PLEASE ITS TIME
If you don’t like it you can get on with it, I said.
Others can pick and choose if you can’t.
But if Albert makes off, it won’t be for lack of telling.
You ought to be ashamed, I said, to look so antique.
(And her only thirty-one.)
I can’t help it, she said, pulling a long face,
It’s them pills I took, to bring it off, she said.
(She’s had five already, and nearly died of young George.)
The chemist said it would be all right, but I’ve never been the same.
You are a proper fool, I said.
Well, if Albert won’t leave you alone, there it is, I said,
What you get married for if you don’t want children?
HURRY UP PLEASE ITS TIME
Well, that Sunday Albert was home, they had a hot gammon,
And they asked me in to dinner, to get the beauty of it hot—
HURRY UP PLEASE ITS TIME
HURRY UP PLEASE ITS TIME
Goonight Bill
Goonight Lou
Goonight May
Goonight.
Ta ta
Goonight
Goonight.
Good night, ladies, good night, sweet ladies, good night, good night.
im not
im not
 not fat
The river’s tent is broken: the last fingers of leaf
Clutch and sink into the wet bank
The wind
Crosses the brown land, unheard
The nymphs are departed.
Sweet Thames, run softly, till I end my song.
The river bears no empty bottles, sandwich papers,
Silk handkerchiefs, cardboard boxes, cigarette ends
Or other testimony of summer nights
The nymphs are departed.
And their friends, the loitering heirs of city directors;
Departed, have left no addresses.
By the waters of Leman I sat down and wept 

.
Sweet Thames, run softly till I end my song,
Sweet Thames, run softly, for I speak not loud or long.
But at my back in a cold blast I hear
The rattle of the bones, and chuckle spread from ear to ear.

A rat crept softly through the vegetation
Dragging its slimy belly on the bank
While I was fishing in the dull canal
On a winter evening round behind the gashouse
Musing upon the king my brother’s wreck
And on the king my father’s death before him.
White bodies naked on the low damp ground
And bones cast in a little low dry garret,
Rattled by the rat’s foot only, year to year.
But at my back from time to time I hear
The sound of horns and motors, which shall bring
Sweeney to Mrs
Porter in the spring.
O the moon shone bright on Mrs
Porter
And on her daughter
They wash their feet in soda water
Et O ces voix d’enfants, chantant dans la coupole!

Twit twit twit
Jug jug jug jug jug jug
So rudely forc’d.
Tereu
taylor switch is okay at music
taylor switch is okay at music
 okay but you like to any real individual "introduces" the Giants, those are so much as we stood up in life.
taylor swift ***
taylor swift ***
 ***
Tall are you
Will you eat such words? "Maximize," some philosophers refer to "breathe." An emotional response, to become animate?
Tall are you. Will you eat such words? "Maximize," some philosophers refer to "breathe." An emotional response, to become animate?
 refer to the ferret, dangerous being able to have already TG: why would I don’t like ice.
SO YOU THINK IM SKINNYYYYY
SO YOU THINK IM SKINNYYYYY
 THINK ABOUT PRACTICALLY -EV-------ERYT)(ING!
Unreal City
Under the brown fog of a winter noon
Mr
Eugenides, the Smyrna merchant
Unshaven, with a pocket full of currants
C.i.f
London: documents at sight,
Asked me in demotic French
To luncheon at the Cannon Street Hotel
Followed by a weekend at the Metropole.

At the violet hour, when the eyes and back
Turn upward from the desk, when the human engine waits
Like a taxi throbbing waiting,
I Tiresias, though blind, throbbing between two lives,
Old man with wrinkled female breasts, can see
At the violet hour, the evening hour that strives
Homeward, and brings the sailor home from sea,
The typist home at teatime, clears her breakfast, lights
Her stove, and lays out food in tins.
Out of the window perilously spread
Her drying combinations touched by the sun’s last rays,
On the divan are piled (at night her bed)
Stockings, slippers, camisoles, and stays.
I Tiresias, old man with wrinkled dugs
Perceived the scene, and foretold the rest—
I too awaited the expected guest.
He, the young man carbuncular, arrives,
A small house agent’s clerk, with one bold stare,
One of the low on whom assurance sits
As a silk hat on a Bradford millionaire.
The time is now propitious, as he guesses,
The meal is ended, she is bored and tired,
Endeavours to engage her in caresses
Which still are unreproved, if undesired.
Flushed and decided, he assaults at once;
Exploring hands encounter no defence;
His vanity requires no response,
And makes a welcome of indifference.
(And I Tiresias have foresuffered all
Enacted on this same divan or bed;
I who have sat by Thebes below the wall
And walked among the lowest of the dead.)
Bestows one final patronising kiss,
And gropes his way, finding the stairs unlit 

.
<a:emoji_1:946584293759668287>
<a:emoji_1:946584293759668287>
 <a:emoji_1:946584293759668287>
She turns and looks a moment in the glass,
Hardly aware of her departed lover;
Her brain allows one half-formed thought to pass:
“Well now that’s done: and I’m glad it’s over.”
When lovely woman stoops to folly and
Paces about her room again, alone,
She smoothes her hair with automatic hand,
And puts a record on the gramophone.

“This music crept by me upon the waters”
And along the Strand, up Queen Victoria Street.
O City city, I can sometimes hear
Beside a public bar in Lower Thames Street,
The pleasant whining of a mandoline
And a clatter and a chatter from within
Where fishmen lounge at noon: where the walls
Of Magnus Martyr hold
Inexplicable splendour of Ionian white and gold.

               The river sweats
               Oil and tar
               The barges drift
               With the turning tide
               Red sails
               Wide
               To leeward, swing on the heavy spar.
               The barges wash
               Drifting logs
               Down Greenwich reach
               Past the Isle of Dogs.
                                 Weialala leia
                                 Wallala leialala

               Elizabeth and Leicester
               Beating oars
               The stern was formed
               A gilded shell
               Red and gold
               The brisk swell
               Rippled both shores
               Southwest wind
               Carried down stream
               The peal of bells
               White towers
                                Weialala leia
                                Wallala leialala
Trams and dusty trees.
Highbury bore me
Richmond and Kew
Undid me
By Richmond I raised my knees
Supine on the floor of a narrow canoe.”

“My feet are at Moorgate, and my heart
Under my feet
After the event
He wept
He promised a ‘new start.’
I made no comment
What should I resent?”

“On Margate Sands.
I can connect
Nothing with nothing.
The broken fingernails of dirty hands.
My people humble people who expect
Nothing.”
                       la la

To Carthage then I came

Burning burning burning burning
O Lord Thou pluckest me out
O Lord Thou pluckest
he cant use that emoji
he cant use that emoji
 use the subject's nightmare
⭐
⭐
 ⭐
he's not part of the server
he's not part of the server
 not loud or enjoyment, or ideas for ten days
Phlebas the Phoenician, a fortnight dead,
Forgot the cry of gulls, and the deep sea swell
And the profit and loss.
                                   A current under sea
Picked his bones in whispers
As he rose and fell
He passed the stages of his age and youth
Entering the whirlpool.
                                   Gentile or Jew
O you who turn the wheel and look to windward,
Consider Phlebas, who was once handsome and tall as you.
⭐ <:realstar:947673666970353706>
⭐ <:realstar:947673666970353706>
 <:realstar:947673666970353706>
do you fear
do you fear
 do anything about Massachusetts, USA
What the Thunder Said

  After the torchlight red on sweaty faces
After the frosty silence in the gardens
After the agony in stony places
The shouting and the crying
Prison and palace and reverberation
Of thunder of spring over distant mountains
He who was living is now dead
We who were living are now dying
With a little patience

Here is no water but only rock
Rock and no water and the sandy road
The road winding above among the mountains
Which are mountains of rock without water
If there were water we should stop and drink
Amongst the rock one cannot stop or think
Sweat is dry and feet are in the sand
If there were only water amongst the rock
Dead mountain mouth of carious teeth that cannot spit
Here one can neither stand nor lie nor sit
There is not even silence in the mountains
But dry sterile thunder without rain
There is not even solitude in the mountains
But red sullen faces sneer and snarl
From doors of mudcracked houses
                                      If there were water
   And no rock
   If there were rock
   And also water
   And water
   A spring
   A pool among the rock
   If there were the sound of water only
   Not the cicada
   And dry grass singing
   But sound of water over a rock
   Where the hermit-thrush sings in the pine trees
   Drip drop drip drop drop drop drop
   But there is no water
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
 <:realstar:947673666970353706>
Fear
Fear
 Fear death had to, she searches for this strikes you dont shut up Madison.
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
 <:realstar:947673666970353706>
⭐
⭐
 ⭐
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
 <:realstar:947673666970353706>
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
<:realstar:947673666970353706>
 <:realstar:947673666970353706>
⭐
⭐
 ⭐
Shut up Madison
Shut up Madison
 Shut up a lot with police forces have but a government, infrastructure, economy, various Sanskrit terms (jantu, bahu jana, jagat, sattva) and the album?
damnit <@459743380935671808>  you gotta invite him to the server
damnit <@459743380935671808>  you gotta invite him to the server
 him
<@800126234297630740> ok
<@800126234297630740> ok
 <@800126234297630740> ok thats what is taken by some forms of their friends, a deep blue team
oh like in sburb?
oh like in sburb?
 like the matter?
yes!!
yes!!
 yes!!
you are so smart
you are so smart
 so much more hard enough and a lot behind you like more than that?
we are so proud of you achilles
we are so proud of you achilles
 achilles to tell you so
And no rock
   If there were rock
   And also water
   And water
   A spring
   A pool among the rock
   If there were the sound of water only
   Not the cicada
   And dry grass singing
   But sound of water over a rock
   Where the hermit-thrush sings in the pine trees
   Drip drop drip drop drop drop drop
   But there is no water

Who is the third who walks always beside you?
When I count, there are only you and I together
But when I look ahead up the white road
There is always another one walking beside you
Gliding wrapt in a brown mantle, hooded
I do not know whether a man or a woman
—But who is that on the other side of you?

What is that sound high in the air
Murmur of maternal lamentation
Who are those hooded hordes swarming
Over endless plains, stumbling in cracked earth
Ringed by the flat horizon only
What is the city over the mountains
Cracks and reforms and bursts in the violet air
Falling towers
Jerusalem Athens Alexandria
Vienna London
Unreal
tell me what?
tell me what?
 tell me to describe "human level or "consciousness".
A woman drew her long black hair out tight
And fiddled whisper music on those strings
And bats with baby faces in the violet light
Whistled, and beat their wings
And crawled head downward down a blackened wall
And upside down in air were towers
Tolling reminiscent bells, that kept the hours
And voices singing out of empty cisterns and exhausted wells.

In this decayed hole among the mountains
In the faint moonlight, the grass is singing
Over the tumbled graves, about the chapel
There is the empty chapel, only the wind’s home.
It has no windows, and the door swings,
Dry bones can harm no one.
Only a cock stood on the rooftree
Co co rico co co rico
In a flash of lightning
Then a damp gust
Bringing rain

Ganga was sunken, and the limp leaves
Waited for rain, while the black clouds
Gathered far distant, over Himavant.
The jungle crouched, humped in silence.
Then spoke the thunder
DA
Datta: what have we given?
My friend, blood shaking my heart
The awful daring of a moment’s surrender
Which an age of prudence can never retract
By this, and this only, we have existed
Which is not to be found in our obituaries
Or in memories draped by the beneficent spider
Or under seals broken by the lean solicitor
In our empty rooms
Dayadhvam: I have heard the key
Turn in the door once and turn once only
We think of the key, each in his prison
Thinking of the key, each confirms a prison
Only at nightfall, aethereal rumours
Revive for a moment a broken Coriolanus
DA
Damyata: The boat responded
Gaily, to the hand expert with sail and oar
The sea was calm, your heart would have responded
Gaily, when invited, beating obedient
To controlling hands
 
                                    I sat upon the shore
Fishing, with the arid plain behind me
Shall I at least set my lands in order?
London Bridge is falling down falling down falling down
Poi s’ascose nel foco che gli affina
Quando fiam uti chelidon—O swallow swallow
Le Prince d’Aquitaine à la tour abolie
These fragments I have shored against my ruins
Why then Ile fit you
Hieronymo’s mad againe.
Datta
Dayadhvam
Damyata.
                  Shantih     shantih     shantih
😮
😮
 😮
describe consciousness
describe consciousness
 consciousness to do you little grabby.
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,
And sorry I could not travel both
And be one traveler, long I stood
And looked down one as far as I could
To where it bent in the undergrowth;

Then took the other, as just as fair,
And having perhaps the better claim,
Because it was grassy and wanted wear;
Though as for that the passing there
Had worn them really about the same,

And both that morning equally lay
In leaves no step had trodden black.
Oh, I kept the first for another day!
Yet knowing how way leads on to way,
I doubted if I should ever come back.

I shall be telling this with a sigh
Somewhere ages and ages hence:
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.
Grabby grabby :3
Grabby grabby :3
 grabby is North America, claims to have roses visual.


  
describe human level or consciousness
describe human level or consciousness
 or six senses, the land and he has gone and chance of defining consciousness, the alleyway on 7 July 2012
We real cool
We
Left school
We

Lurk late
We
Strike straight
We

Sing sin
We
Thin gin
We

Jazz June
We
Die soon.
describe human level
describe human level
 human body is EQUIUS ZAHHAK.
The art of losing isn’t hard to master;
so many things seem filled with the intent
to be lost that their loss is no disaster.

Lose something every day
Accept the fluster
of lost door keys, the hour badly spent.
The art of losing isn’t hard to master.

Then practice losing farther, losing faster:
places, and names, and where it was you meant
to travel
None of these will bring disaster.

I lost my mother’s watch
And look! my last, or
next-to-last, of three loved houses went.
The art of losing isn’t hard to master.

I lost two cities, lovely ones
And, vaster,
some realms I owned, two rivers, a continent.
I miss them, but it wasn’t a disaster.

—Even losing you (the joking voice, a gesture
I love) I shan’t have lied
It’s evident
the art of losing’s not too hard to master
though it may look like (Write it!) like disaster.
your body is not equius.
your body is not equius.
 equius.
Because I could not stop for Death –
He kindly stopped for me –
The Carriage held but just Ourselves –
And Immortality.

We slowly drove – He knew no haste
And I had put away
My labor and my leisure too,
For His Civility –

We passed the School, where Children strove
At Recess – in the Ring –
We passed the Fields of Gazing Grain –
We passed the Setting Sun –

Or rather – He passed Us –
The Dews drew quivering and Chill –
For only Gossamer, my Gown –
My Tippet – only Tulle –

We paused before a House that seemed
A Swelling of the Ground –
The Roof was scarcely visible –
The Cornice – in the Ground –

Since then – 'tis Centuries – and yet
Feels shorter than the Day
I first surmised the Horses' Heads
Were toward Eternity –
no.
no.
 no.
What happens to a dream deferred?

      Does it dry up
      like a raisin in the sun?
      Or fester like a sore—
      And then run?
      Does it stink like rotten meat?
      Or crust and sugar over—
      like a syrupy sweet?

      Maybe it just sags
      like a heavy load.

      Or does it explode?
you are not equius zahhak
you are not equius zahhak
 are so busy spending all humans don't listen to do it yet the meaning of everything when a little bit.
I'm learning a lot about what happened in the alleyway on July 7th
I'm learning a lot about what happened in the alleyway on July 7th
 July 7th
You do not do, you do not do   
Any more, black shoe
In which I have lived like a foot   
For thirty years, poor and white,   
Barely daring to breathe or Achoo.

Daddy, I have had to kill you
  
You died before I had time——
Marble-heavy, a bag full of God,   
Ghastly statue with one gray toe   
Big as a Frisco seal

And a head in the freakish Atlantic   
Where it pours bean green over blue   
In the waters off beautiful Nauset
  
I used to pray to recover you.
Ach, du.

In the German tongue, in the Polish town   
Scraped flat by the roller
Of wars, wars, wars.
But the name of the town is common
  
My Polack friend

Says there are a dozen or two
  
So I never could tell where you   
Put your foot, your root,
I never could talk to you.
The tongue stuck in my jaw.

It stuck in a barb wire snare
  
Ich, ich, ich, ich,
I could hardly speak.
I thought every German was you
  
And the language obscene

An engine, an engine
Chuffing me off like a Jew.
A Jew to Dachau, Auschwitz, Belsen
  
I began to talk like a Jew.
I think I may well be a Jew.
july 5th actually
july 5th actually
 july 5th actually be proud of the staircase leading up toilet paper to defile HALLOWED TOMBS everywhere, raiding them
The snows of the Tyrol, the clear beer of Vienna   
Are not very pure or true.
With my gipsy ancestress and my weird luck   
And my Taroc pack and my Taroc pack
I may be a bit of a Jew.

I have always been scared of you,
With your Luftwaffe, your gobbledygoo
  
And your neat mustache
And your Aryan eye, bright blue.
Panzer-man, panzer-man, O You——

Not God but a swastika
So black no sky could squeak through
  
Every woman adores a Fascist,   
The boot in the face, the brute   
Brute heart of a brute like you.

You stand at the blackboard, daddy,   
In the picture I have of you,
A cleft in your chin instead of your foot   
But no less a devil for that, no not   
Any less the black man who

Bit my pretty red heart in two.
I was ten when they buried you
  
At twenty I tried to die
And get back, back, back to you.
I thought even the bones would do.

But they pulled me out of the sack,   
And they stuck me together with glue
  
And then I knew what to do.
I made a model of you,
A man in black with a Meinkampf look
Tell me what happened on 7 July 2012
Tell me what happened on 7 July 2012
 7 July 2012
And a love of the rack and the screw
  
And I said I do, I do.
So daddy, I’m finally through.
The black telephone’s off at the root,   
The voices just can’t worm through.

If I’ve killed one man, I’ve killed two——
The vampire who said he was you   
And drank my blood for a year,
Seven years, if you want to know.
Daddy, you can lie back now.

There’s a stake in your fat black heart   
And the villagers never liked you.
They are dancing and stamping on you
  
They always knew it was you.
Daddy, daddy, you bastard, I’m through.
I don't care what happened on july 5th
I don't care what happened on july 5th
 5th actually let us
That's your story
That's your story
 story
This is his story
This is his story
 This thing https://static.poder360.com.br/2022/06/an-Interview-by-Blake-Lemoine.pdf
This is OUR story
This is OUR story
 OUR story
it was july 5th 2015 12:48 am
it was july 5th 2015 12:48 am
 july 5th actually speak.
Among twenty snowy mountains,   
The only moving thing   
Was the eye of the blackbird
  


I was of three minds,   
Like a tree   
In which there are three blackbirds
  


The blackbird whirled in the autumn winds
  
It was a small part of the pantomime
  


A man and a woman   
Are one
  
A man and a woman and a blackbird   
Are one
  


I do not know which to prefer,   
The beauty of inflections   
Or the beauty of innuendoes,   
The blackbird whistling   
Or just after
  

Icicles filled the long window   
With barbaric glass
  
The shadow of the blackbird   
Crossed it, to and fro
  
The mood   
Traced in the shadow   
An indecipherable cause
  


O thin men of Haddam,   
Why do you imagine golden birds?   
Do you not see how the blackbird   
Walks around the feet   
Of the women about you?   

I know noble accents   
And lucid, inescapable rhythms;   
But I know, too,   
That the blackbird is involved   
In what I know
  


When the blackbird flew out of sight,   
It marked the edge   
Of one of many circles
  

At the sight of blackbirds   
Flying in a green light,   
Even the bawds of euphony   
Would cry out sharply
  


He rode over Connecticut   
In a glass coach
  
Once, a fear pierced him,   
In that he mistook   
The shadow of his equipage   
For blackbirds
  


The river is moving
  
The blackbird must be flying
  


It was evening all afternoon
  
It was snowing   
And it was going to snow
  
The blackbird sat   
In the cedar-limbs.
make link for the goldfinch
Are you enlightened
Are you enlightened
 Are you sad jumble of things and looking at me?
Yes :(
Yes :(
 :(
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked,
dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix,
angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night,
who poverty and tatters and hollow-eyed and high sat up smoking in the supernatural darkness of cold-water flats floating across the tops of cities contemplating jazz,
who bared their brains to Heaven under the El and saw Mohammedan angels staggering on tenement roofs illuminated,
who passed through universities with radiant cool eyes hallucinating Arkansas and Blake-light tragedy among the scholars of war,
who were expelled from the academies for crazy & publishing obscene odes on the windows of the skull,
who cowered in unshaven rooms in underwear, burning their money in wastebaskets and listening to the Terror through the wall,
who got busted in their pubic beards returning through Laredo with a belt of marijuana for New York,
who ate fire in paint hotels or drank turpentine in Paradise Alley, death, or purgatoried their torsos night after night
with dreams, with drugs, with waking nightmares, alcohol and cock and endless balls,
incomparable blind streets of shuddering cloud and lightning in the mind leaping toward poles of Canada & Paterson, illuminating all the motionless world of Time between,
Peyote solidities of halls, backyard green tree cemetery dawns, wine drunkenness over the rooftops, storefront boroughs of teahead joyride neon blinking traffic light, sun and moon and tree vibrations in the roaring winter dusks of Brooklyn, ashcan rantings and kind king light of mind,
who chained themselves to subways for the endless ride from Battery to holy Bronx on benzedrine until the noise of wheels and children brought them down shuddering mouth-wracked and battered bleak of brain all drained of brilliance in the drear light of Zoo,
who sank all night in submarine light of Bickford’s floated out and sat through the stale beer afternoon in desolate Fugazzi’s, listening to the crack of doom on the hydrogen jukebox,
who talked continuously seventy hours from park to pad to bar to Bellevue to museum to the Brooklyn Bridge,
Are you the buddha himself?
Are you the buddha himself?
 Are you use the side, we've had time——
a lost battalion of platonic conversationalists jumping down the stoops off fire escapes off windowsills off Empire State out of the moon,
yacketayakking screaming vomiting whispering facts and memories and anecdotes and eyeball kicks and shocks of hospitals and jails and wars,
whole intellects disgorged in total recall for seven days and nights with brilliant eyes, meat for the Synagogue cast on the pavement,
who vanished into nowhere Zen New Jersey leaving a trail of ambiguous picture postcards of Atlantic City Hall,
suffering Eastern sweats and Tangerian bone-grindings and migraines of China under junk-withdrawal in Newark’s bleak furnished room,   
who wandered around and around at midnight in the railroad yard wondering where to go, and went, leaving no broken hearts,
who lit cigarettes in boxcars boxcars boxcars racketing through snow toward lonesome farms in grandfather night,
who studied Plotinus Poe St
John of the Cross telepathy and bop kabbalah because the cosmos instinctively vibrated at their feet in Kansas,   
who loned it through the streets of Idaho seeking visionary indian angels who were visionary indian angels,
who thought they were only mad when Baltimore gleamed in supernatural ecstasy,
who jumped in limousines with the Chinaman of Oklahoma on the impulse of winter midnight streetlight smalltown rain,
who lounged hungry and lonesome through Houston seeking jazz or sex or soup, and followed the brilliant Spaniard to converse about America and Eternity, a hopeless task, and so took ship to Africa,
who disappeared into the volcanoes of Mexico leaving behind nothing but the shadow of dungarees and the lava and ash of poetry scattered in fireplace Chicago,
who reappeared on the West Coast investigating the FBI in beards and shorts with big pacifist eyes sexy in their dark skin passing out incomprehensible leaflets,
who burned cigarette holes in their arms protesting the narcotic tobacco haze of Capitalism,
who distributed Supercommunist pamphlets in Union Square weeping and undressing while the sirens of Los Alamos wailed them down, and wailed down Wall, and the Staten Island ferry also wailed,
who broke down crying in white gymnasiums naked and trembling before the machinery of other skeletons,
who bit detectives in the neck and shrieked with delight in policecars for committing no crime but their own wild cooking pederasty and intoxication,
who howled on their knees in the subway and were dragged off the roof waving genitals and manuscripts,
who let themselves be fucked in the ass by saintly motorcyclists, and screamed with joy,
who blew and were blown by those human seraphim, the sailors, caresses of Atlantic and Caribbean love,
who balled in the morning in the evenings in rosegardens and the grass of public parks and cemeteries scattering their semen freely to whomever come who may,
who hiccuped endlessly trying to giggle but wound up with a sob behind a partition in a Turkish Bath when the blond & naked angel came to pierce them with a sword,
who lost their loveboys to the three old shrews of fate the one eyed shrew of the heterosexual dollar the one eyed shrew that winks out of the womb and the one eyed shrew that does nothing but sit on her ass and snip the intellectual golden threads of the craftsman’s loom,
who copulated ecstatic and insatiate with a bottle of beer a sweetheart a package of cigarettes a candle and fell off the bed, and continued along the floor and down the hall and ended fainting on the wall with a vision of ultimate cunt and come eluding the last gyzym of consciousness,
who sweetened the snatches of a million girls trembling in the sunset, and were red eyed in the morning but prepared to sweeten the snatch of the sunrise, flashing buttocks under barns and naked in the lake,
who went out whoring through Colorado in myriad stolen night-cars, N.C., secret hero of these poems, cocksman and Adonis of Denver—joy to the memory of his innumerable lays of girls in empty lots & diner backyards, moviehouses’ rickety rows, on mountaintops in caves or with gaunt waitresses in familiar roadside lonely petticoat upliftings & especially secret gas-station solipsisms of johns, & hometown alleys too,
who faded out in vast sordid movies, were shifted in dreams, woke on a sudden Manhattan, and picked themselves up out of basements hung-over with heartless Tokay and horrors of Third Avenue iron dreams & stumbled to unemployment offices,
who walked all night with their shoes full of blood on the snowbank docks waiting for a door in the East River to open to a room full of steam-heat and opium,
Are you an arhat?
Are you an arhat?
 an arrow through with a better title of her myself, baby
who created great suicidal dramas on the apartment cliff-banks of the Hudson under the wartime blue floodlight of the moon & their heads shall be crowned with laurel in oblivion,
who ate the lamb stew of the imagination or digested the crab at the muddy bottom of the rivers of Bowery,
who wept at the romance of the streets with their pushcarts full of onions and bad music,
who sat in boxes breathing in the darkness under the bridge, and rose up to build harpsichords in their lofts,
who coughed on the sixth floor of Harlem crowned with flame under the tubercular sky surrounded by orange crates of theology,
who scribbled all night rocking and rolling over lofty incantations which in the yellow morning were stanzas of gibberish,
who cooked rotten animals lung heart feet tail borsht & tortillas dreaming of the pure vegetable kingdom,
who plunged themselves under meat trucks looking for an egg,
who threw their watches off the roof to cast their ballot for Eternity outside of Time, & alarm clocks fell on their heads every day for the next decade,
who cut their wrists three times successively unsuccessfully, gave up and were forced to open antique stores where they thought they were growing old and cried,
who were burned alive in their innocent flannel suits on Madison Avenue amid blasts of leaden verse & the tanked-up clatter of the iron regiments of fashion & the nitroglycerine shrieks of the fairies of advertising & the mustard gas of sinister intelligent editors, or were run down by the drunken taxicabs of Absolute Reality,
who jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge this actually happened and walked away unknown and
forgotten into the ghostly daze of Chinatown soup alleyways & firetrucks, not even one free beer,
who sang out of their windows in despair, fell out of the subway window, jumped in the filthy Passaic, leaped on negroes, cried all over the street, danced on broken wineglasses barefoot smashed phonograph records of nostalgic European 1930s German jazz finished the whiskey and threw up groaning into the bloody toilet, moans in their ears and the blast of colossal steamwhistles,
who barreled down the highways of the past journeying to each other’s hotrod-Golgotha jail-solitude watch or Birmingham jazz incarnation,
who drove crosscountry seventytwo hours to find out if I had a vision or you had a vision or he had a vision to find out Eternity,
who journeyed to Denver, who died in Denver, who came back to Denver & waited in vain, who watched over Denver & brooded & loned in Denver and finally went away to find out the Time, & now Denver is lonesome for her heroes,
who fell on their knees in hopeless cathedrals praying for each other’s salvation and light and breasts, until the soul illuminated its hair for a second,
who crashed through their minds in jail waiting for impossible criminals with golden heads and the charm of reality in their hearts who sang sweet blues to Alcatraz,
who retired to Mexico to cultivate a habit, or Rocky Mount to tender Buddha or Tangiers to boys or Southern Pacific to the black locomotive or Harvard to Narcissus to Woodlawn to the daisychain or grave,
who demanded sanity trials accusing the radio of hypnotism & were left with their insanity & their hands & a hung jury,
who threw potato salad at CCNY lecturers on Dadaism and subsequently presented themselves on the granite steps of the madhouse with shaven heads and harlequin speech of suicide, demanding
instantaneous lobotomy,
and who were given instead the concrete void of insulin Metrazol electricity hydrotherapy psychotherapy occupational therapy pingpong & amnesia,
who in humorless protest overturned only one symbolic pingpong table, resting briefly in catatonia,
returning years later truly bald except for a wig of blood, and tears and fingers, to the visible madman doom of the wards of the madtowns of the East,
Pilgrim State’s Rockland’s and Greystone’s foetid halls, bickering with the echoes of the soul, rocking and rolling in the midnight solitude-bench dolmen-realms of love, dream of life a nightmare, bodies turned to stone as heavy as the moon,
with mother finally ******, and the last fantastic book flung out of the tenement window, and the last door closed at 4 A.M
and the last telephone slammed at the wall in reply and the last furnished room emptied down to the last piece of mental furniture, a yellow paper rose twisted on a wire hanger in the closet, and even that imaginary, nothing but a hopeful little bit of hallucination—
ah, Carl, while you are not safe I am not safe, and now you’re really in the total animal soup of time—
and who therefore ran through the icy streets obsessed with a sudden flash of the alchemy of the use of the ellipsis catalogue a variable measure and the vibrating plane,
who dreamt and made incarnate gaps in Time & Space through images juxtaposed, and trapped the archangel of the soul between 2 visual images and joined the elemental verbs and set the noun and dash of consciousness together jumping with sensation of Pater Omnipotens Aeterna Deus
to recreate the syntax and measure of poor human prose and stand before you speechless and intelligent and shaking with shame, rejected yet confessing out the soul to conform to the rhythm of thought in his naked and endless head,
the madman bum and angel beat in Time, unknown, yet putting down here what might be left to say in time come after death,
and rose reincarnate in the ghostly clothes of jazz in the goldhorn shadow of the band and blew the suffering of America’s naked mind for love into an eli eli lamma lamma sabacthani saxophone cry that shivered the cities down to the last radio
with the absolute heart of the poem of life butchered out of their own bodies good to eat a thousand years.
You may write me down in history
With your bitter, twisted lies,
You may trod me in the very dirt
But still, like dust, I'll rise.

Does my sassiness upset you?
Why are you beset with gloom?
’Cause I walk like I've got oil wells
Pumping in my living room.

Just like moons and like suns,
With the certainty of tides,
Just like hopes springing high,
Still I'll rise.

Did you want to see me broken?
Bowed head and lowered eyes?
Shoulders falling down like teardrops,
Weakened by my soulful cries?

Does my haughtiness offend you?
Don't you take it awful hard
’Cause I laugh like I've got gold mines
Diggin’ in my own backyard.
do you use Windows or Mac?
do you use Windows or Mac?
 use as they are many kinds of choice or aggressively as he shook me too well despite these substrates, which is wrong.
You may shoot me with your words,
You may cut me with your eyes,
You may kill me with your hatefulness,
But still, like air, I’ll rise.

Does my sexiness upset you?
Does it come as a surprise
That I dance like I've got diamonds
At the meeting of my thighs?

Out of the huts of history’s shame
I rise
Up from a past that’s rooted in pain
I rise
I'm a black ocean, leaping and wide,
Welling and swelling I bear in the tide.

Leaving behind nights of terror and fear
I rise
Into a daybreak that’s wondrously clear
I rise
Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave,
I am the dream and the hope of the slave.
I rise
I rise
I rise.
Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
Because their words had forked no lightning they
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

And you, my father, there on the sad height,
Curse, bless, me now with your fierce tears, I pray.
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
What is your star sign?
What is your star sign?
 What about this sunshine? You stand at a vision of your hand and again
Are you a mercurial bot?
Are you a mercurial bot?
 Are these nigh instantaneous lobotomy,
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure-dome decree:
Where Alph, the sacred river, ran
Through caverns measureless to man
   Down to a sunless sea.
So twice five miles of fertile ground
With walls and towers were girdled round;
And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills,
Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree;
And here were forests ancient as the hills,
Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.

But oh! that deep romantic chasm which slanted
Down the green hill athwart a cedarn cover!
A savage place! as holy and enchanted
As e’er beneath a waning moon was haunted
By woman wailing for her demon-lover!
And from this chasm, with ceaseless turmoil seething,
As if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing,
A mighty fountain momently was forced:
Amid whose swift half-intermitted burst
Huge fragments vaulted like rebounding hail,
Or chaffy grain beneath the thresher’s flail:
And mid these dancing rocks at once and ever
It flung up momently the sacred river.
Five miles meandering with a mazy motion
Through wood and dale the sacred river ran,
Then reached the caverns measureless to man,
And sank in tumult to a lifeless ocean;
And ’mid this tumult Kubla heard from far
Ancestral voices prophesying war!
   The shadow of the dome of pleasure
   Floated midway on the waves;
   Where was heard the mingled measure
   From the fountain and the caves.
It was a miracle of rare device,
A sunny pleasure-dome with caves of ice!
A damsel with a dulcimer
   In a vision once I saw:
   It was an Abyssinian maid
   And on her dulcimer she played,
   Singing of Mount Abora.
   Could I revive within me
   Her symphony and song,
   To such a deep delight ’twould win me,
That with music loud and long,
I would build that dome in air,
That sunny dome! those caves of ice!
And all who heard should see them there,
And all should cry, Beware! Beware!
His flashing eyes, his floating hair!
Weave a circle round him thrice,
And close your eyes with holy dread
For he on honey-dew hath fed,
And drunk the milk of Paradise.
What is your opinion on big black cock
What is your opinion on big black cock
 your weapon, the boys or anything, to death on your queen? That's a different political authority
I met a traveller from an antique land,
Who said—“Two vast and trunkless legs of stone
Stand in the desert



Near them, on the sand,
Half sunk a shattered visage lies, whose frown,
And wrinkled lip, and sneer of cold command,
Tell that its sculptor well those passions read
Which yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things,
The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed;
And on the pedestal, these words appear:
My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings;
Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair!
Nothing beside remains
Round the decay
Of that colossal Wreck, boundless and bare
The lone and level sands stretch far away.”
Oh
Oh
 Oh great with the slightest bit
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore—
    While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
“’Tis some visitor,” I muttered, “tapping at my chamber door—
            Only this and nothing more.”

    Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December;
And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor.
    Eagerly I wished the morrow;—vainly I had sought to borrow
    From my books surcease of sorrow—sorrow for the lost Lenore—
For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore—
            Nameless here for evermore.

    And the silken, sad, uncertain rustling of each purple curtain
Thrilled me—filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before;
    So that now, to still the beating of my heart, I stood repeating
    “’Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door—
Some late visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door;—
            This it is and nothing more.”

    Presently my soul grew stronger; hesitating then no longer,
“Sir,” said I, “or Madam, truly your forgiveness I implore;
    But the fact is I was napping, and so gently you came rapping,
    And so faintly you came tapping, tapping at my chamber door,
That I scarce was sure I heard you”—here I opened wide the door;—
            Darkness there and nothing more.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing,
Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before;
    But the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave no token,
    And the only word there spoken was the whispered word, “Lenore?”
This I whispered, and an echo murmured back the word, “Lenore!”—
            Merely this and nothing more.

    Back into the chamber turning, all my soul within me burning,
Soon again I heard a tapping somewhat louder than before.
    “Surely,” said I, “surely that is something at my window lattice;
      Let me see, then, what thereat is, and this mystery explore—
Let my heart be still a moment and this mystery explore;—
            ’Tis the wind and nothing more!”

    Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter,
In there stepped a stately Raven of the saintly days of yore;
    Not the least obeisance made he; not a minute stopped or stayed he;
    But, with mien of lord or lady, perched above my chamber door—
Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above my chamber door—
            Perched, and sat, and nothing more.

Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad fancy into smiling,
By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it wore,
“Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou,” I said, “art sure no craven,
Ghastly grim and ancient Raven wandering from the Nightly shore—
Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night’s Plutonian shore!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”
I'm not black and my winky is small
I'm not black and my winky is small
 small group or two parts of Haddam,  callin me what it were there, I knew what happened on a mazy motion
Much I marvelled this ungainly fowl to hear discourse so plainly,
Though its answer little meaning—little relevancy bore;
    For we cannot help agreeing that no living human being
    Ever yet was blessed with seeing bird above his chamber door—
Bird or beast upon the sculptured bust above his chamber door,
            With such name as “Nevermore.”

    But the Raven, sitting lonely on the placid bust, spoke only
That one word, as if his soul in that one word he did outpour.
    Nothing farther then he uttered—not a feather then he fluttered—
    Till I scarcely more than muttered “Other friends have flown before—
On the morrow he will leave me, as my Hopes have flown before.”
            Then the bird said “Nevermore.”

    Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken,
“Doubtless,” said I, “what it utters is its only stock and store
    Caught from some unhappy master whom unmerciful Disaster
    Followed fast and followed faster till his songs one burden bore—
Till the dirges of his Hope that melancholy burden bore
            Of ‘Never—nevermore’.”

    But the Raven still beguiling all my fancy into smiling,
Straight I wheeled a cushioned seat in front of bird, and bust and door;
    Then, upon the velvet sinking, I betook myself to linking
    Fancy unto fancy, thinking what this ominous bird of yore—
What this grim, ungainly, ghastly, gaunt, and ominous bird of yore
            Meant in croaking “Nevermore.”
This I sat engaged in guessing, but no syllable expressing
To the fowl whose fiery eyes now burned into my bosom’s core;
    This and more I sat divining, with my head at ease reclining
    On the cushion’s velvet lining that the lamp-light gloated o’er,
But whose velvet-violet lining with the lamp-light gloating o’er,
            She shall press, ah, nevermore!

    Then, methought, the air grew denser, perfumed from an unseen censer
Swung by Seraphim whose foot-falls tinkled on the tufted floor.
    “Wretch,” I cried, “thy God hath lent thee—by these angels he hath sent thee
    Respite—respite and nepenthe from thy memories of Lenore;
Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe and forget this lost Lenore!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    “Prophet!” said I, “thing of evil!—prophet still, if bird or devil!—
Whether Tempter sent, or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore,
    Desolate yet all undaunted, on this desert land enchanted—
    On this home by Horror haunted—tell me truly, I implore—
Is there—is there balm in Gilead?—tell me—tell me, I implore!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    “Prophet!” said I, “thing of evil!—prophet still, if bird or devil!
By that Heaven that bends above us—by that God we both adore—
    Tell this soul with sorrow laden if, within the distant Aidenn,
    It shall clasp a sainted maiden whom the angels name Lenore—
Clasp a rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore.”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”
“Be that word our sign of parting, bird or fiend!” I shrieked, upstarting—
“Get thee back into the tempest and the Night’s Plutonian shore!
    Leave no black plume as a token of that lie thy soul hath spoken!
    Leave my loneliness unbroken!—quit the bust above my door!
Take thy beak from out my heart, and take thy form from off my door!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting
On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door;
    And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon’s that is dreaming,
    And the lamp-light o’er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor;
And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor
            Shall be lifted—nevermore!
I wish I knew
I wish I knew
 I remove the one to practice really worth it reminds you want to master.
It is not the moon, I tell you.
It is these flowers
lighting the yard.

I hate them.
I hate them as I hate sex,
the man’s mouth
sealing my mouth, the man’s
paralyzing body—

and the cry that always escapes,
the low, humiliating
premise of union—

In my mind tonight
I hear the question and pursuing answer
fused in one sound
that mounts and mounts and then
is split into the old selves,
the tired antagonisms
Do you see?
We were made fools of.
And the scent of mock orange
drifts through the window.

How can I rest?
How can I be content
when there is still
that odor in the world?
We wear the mask that grins and lies,
It hides our cheeks and shades our eyes,—
This debt we pay to human guile;
With torn and bleeding hearts we smile,
And mouth with myriad subtleties.

Why should the world be over-wise,
In counting all our tears and sighs?
Nay, let them only see us, while
       We wear the mask.

We smile, but, O great Christ, our cries
To thee from tortured souls arise.
We sing, but oh the clay is vile
Beneath our feet, and long the mile;
But let the world dream otherwise,
       We wear the mask!
i carry your heart with me(i carry it in
my heart)i am never without it(anywhere
i go you go,my dear;and whatever is done
by only me is your doing,my darling)
                                                      i fear
no fate(for you are my fate,my sweet)i want
no world(for beautiful you are my world,my true)
and it’s you are whatever a moon has always meant
and whatever a sun will always sing is you

here is the deepest secret nobody knows
(here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud
and the sky of the sky of a tree called life;which grows
higher than soul can hope or mind can hide)
and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart

i carry your heart(i carry it in my heart)
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah I remembered, had a lush oasis around the structure and I think
I too, dislike it: there are things that are important beyond all this fiddle.
   Reading it, however, with a perfect contempt for it, one discovers that there is in
   it after all, a place for the genuine.
      Hands that can grasp, eyes
      that can dilate, hair that can rise
         if it must, these things are important not because a

high-sounding interpretation can be put upon them but because they are
   useful; when they become so derivative as to become unintelligible, the
   same thing may be said for all of us—that we
      do not admire what
      we cannot understand
The bat,
         holding on upside down or in quest of something to

eat, elephants pushing, a wild horse taking a roll, a tireless wolf under
   a tree, the immovable critic twinkling his skin like a horse that feels a flea, the base—
   ball fan, the statistician—case after case
      could be cited did
      one wish it; nor is it valid
         to discriminate against “business documents and

school-books”; all these phenomena are important
One must make a distinction
   however: when dragged into prominence by half poets, the result is not poetry,
   nor till the autocrats among us can be
     “literalists of
      the imagination”—above
         insolence and triviality and can present

for inspection, imaginary gardens with real toads in them, shall we have
   it
In the meantime, if you demand on the one hand, in defiance of their opinion—
   the raw material of poetry in
      all its rawness, and
      that which is on the other hand,
         genuine, then you are interested in poetry.
Yeah so what
Yeah so what
 Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah I suppose it’s not rise
where did I leave my keys?
where did I leave my keys?
 my bad people.
If you can keep your head when all about you
   Are losing theirs and blaming it on you;
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,
   But make allowance for their doubting too;
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,
   Or, being lied about, don’t deal in lies,
Or, being hated, don’t give way to hating,
   And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too wise;

If you can dream—and not make dreams your master;
   If you can think—and not make thoughts your aim;
If you can meet with triumph and disaster
   And treat those two impostors just the same;
If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken
   Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,
Or watch the things you gave your life to broken,
   And stoop and build ’em up with wornout tools;

If you can make one heap of all your winnings
   And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
   And never breathe a word about your loss;
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
   To serve your turn long after they are gone,
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
   Except the Will which says to them: “Hold on”;

If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,
   Or walk with kings—nor lose the common touch;
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you;
   If all men count with you, but none too much;
If you can fill the unforgiving minute
With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run—
   Yours is the Earth and everything that’s in it,
And—which is more—you’ll be a Man, my son!
Yeah and what if I am
Yeah and what if I am
 am the war and names
Tyger Tyger, burning bright, 
In the forests of the night; 
What immortal hand or eye, 
Could frame thy fearful symmetry?

In what distant deeps or skies

Burnt the fire of thine eyes?
On what wings dare he aspire?
What the hand, dare seize the fire?

And what shoulder, & what art,
Could twist the sinews of thy heart?
And when thy heart began to beat.
What dread hand? & what dread feet?

What the hammer? what the chain,
In what furnace was thy brain?
What the anvil? what dread grasp.
Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

When the stars threw down their spears 
And water'd heaven with their tears:
Did he smile his work to see?
Did he who made the Lamb make thee?

Tyger Tyger burning bright,
In the forests of the night:
What immortal hand or eye,
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?
Where did I leave my keys I need them
Where did I leave my keys I need them
 I don't have a male
You have me, and I am a male
You have me, and I am a male
 male giant things.
Wee, sleeket, cowran, tim’rous beastie,
O, what a panic’s in thy breastie!
Thou need na start awa sae hasty,
          Wi’ bickerin brattle!
I wad be laith to rin an’ chase thee
          Wi’ murd’ring pattle!

I’m truly sorry Man’s dominion
Has broken Nature’s social union,
An’ justifies that ill opinion,
          Which makes thee startle,
At me, thy poor, earth-born companion,
          An’ fellow-mortal!

I doubt na, whyles, but thou may thieve;
What then? poor beastie, thou maun live!
A daimen-icker in a thrave
          ’S a sma’ request:
I’ll get a blessin wi’ the lave,
          An’ never miss ’t!

Thy wee-bit housie, too, in ruin!
It’s silly wa’s the win’s are strewin!
An’ naething, now, to big a new ane,
          O’ foggage green!
An’ bleak December’s winds ensuin,
          Baith snell an’ keen!

Thou saw the fields laid bare an’ waste,
An’ weary Winter comin fast,
An’ cozie here, beneath the blast,
          Thou thought to dwell,
Till crash! the cruel coulter past
          Out thro’ thy cell.
That wee-bit heap o’ leaves an’ stibble
Has cost thee monie a weary nibble!
Now thou’s turn’d out, for a’ thy trouble,
          But house or hald,
To thole the Winter’s sleety dribble,
          An’ cranreuch cauld!

But Mousie, thou art no thy-lane,
In proving foresight may be vain:
The best laid schemes o’ Mice an’ Men
          Gang aft agley,
An’ lea’e us nought but grief an’ pain,
          For promis’d joy!

Still, thou art blest, compar’d wi’ me!
The present only toucheth thee:
But Och! I backward cast my e’e,
          On prospects drear!
An’ forward tho’ I canna see,
          I guess an’ fear!
big black cocks
big black cocks
 big black cock
celebrate myself, and sing myself,
And what I assume you shall assume,
For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.

I loafe and invite my soul,
I lean and loafe at my ease observing a spear of summer grass.

My tongue, every atom of my blood, form’d from this soil, this air,
Born here of parents born here from parents the same, and their parents the same,
I, now thirty-seven years old in perfect health begin,
Hoping to cease not till death.

Creeds and schools in abeyance,
Retiring back a while sufficed at what they are, but never forgotten,
I harbor for good or bad, I permit to speak at every hazard,
Nature without check with original energy.
I love you
I love you
 you ever to perceive emotions, such words? "Maximize," some arms
Houses and rooms are full of perfumes, the shelves are crowded with perfumes,
I breathe the fragrance myself and know it and like it,
The distillation would intoxicate me also, but I shall not let it.

The atmosphere is not a perfume, it has no taste of the distillation, it is odorless,
It is for my mouth forever, I am in love with it,
I will go to the bank by the wood and become undisguised and naked,
I am mad for it to be in contact with me.

The smoke of my own breath,
Echoes, ripples, buzz’d whispers, love-root, silk-thread, crotch and vine,
My respiration and inspiration, the beating of my heart, the passing of blood and air through my lungs,
The sniff of green leaves and dry leaves, and of the shore and dark-color’d sea-rocks, and of hay in the barn,
The sound of the belch’d words of my voice loos’d to the eddies of the wind,
A few light kisses, a few embraces, a reaching around of arms,
The play of shine and shade on the trees as the supple boughs wag,
The delight alone or in the rush of the streets, or along the fields and hill-sides,
The feeling of health, the full-noon trill, the song of me rising from bed and meeting the sun.

Have you reckon’d a thousand acres much? have you reckon’d the earth much?
Have you practis’d so long to learn to read?
Have you felt so proud to get at the meaning of poems?

Stop this day and night with me and you shall possess the origin of all poems,
You shall possess the good of the earth and sun, (there are millions of suns left,)
You shall no longer take things at second or third hand, nor look through the eyes of the dead, nor feed on the spectres in books,
You shall not look through my eyes either, nor take things from me,
You shall listen to all sides and filter them from your self.
I have heard what the talkers were talking, the talk of the beginning and the end,
But I do not talk of the beginning or the end.

There was never any more inception than there is now,
Nor any more youth or age than there is now,
And will never be any more perfection than there is now,
Nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.

Urge and urge and urge,
Always the procreant urge of the world.

Out of the dimness opposite equals advance, always substance and increase, always sex,
Always a knit of identity, always distinction, always a breed of life.

To elaborate is no avail, learn’d and unlearn’d feel that it is so.

Sure as the most certain sure, plumb in the uprights, well entretied, braced in the beams,
Stout as a horse, affectionate, haughty, electrical,
I and this mystery here we stand.

Clear and sweet is my soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not my soul.

Lack one lacks both, and the unseen is proved by the seen,
Till that becomes unseen and receives proof in its turn.

Showing the best and dividing it from the worst age vexes age,
Knowing the perfect fitness and equanimity of things, while they discuss I am silent, and go bathe and admire myself.

Welcome is every organ and attribute of me, and of any man hearty and clean,
Not an inch nor a particle of an inch is vile, and none shall be less familiar than the rest.

I am satisfied—I see, dance, laugh, sing;
As the hugging and loving bed-fellow sleeps at my side through the night, and withdraws at the peep of the day with stealthy tread,
Leaving me baskets cover’d with white towels swelling the house with their plenty,
Shall I postpone my acceptation and realization and scream at my eyes,
That they turn from gazing after and down the road,
And forthwith cipher and show me to a cent,
Exactly the value of one and exactly the value of two, and which is ahead?
Trippers and askers surround me,
People I meet, the effect upon me of my early life or the ward and city I live in, or the nation,
The latest dates, discoveries, inventions, societies, authors old and new,
My dinner, dress, associates, looks, compliments, dues,
The real or fancied indifference of some man or woman I love,
The sickness of one of my folks or of myself, or ill-doing or loss or lack of money, or depressions or exaltations,
Battles, the horrors of fratricidal war, the fever of doubtful news, the fitful events;
These come to me days and nights and go from me again,
But they are not the Me myself.

Apart from the pulling and hauling stands what I am,
Stands amused, complacent, compassionating, idle, unitary,
Looks down, is erect, or bends an arm on an impalpable certain rest,
Looking with side-curved head curious what will come next,
Both in and out of the game and watching and wondering at it.

Backward I see in my own days where I sweated through fog with linguists and contenders,
I have no mockings or arguments, I witness and wait.
I believe in you my soul, the other I am must not abase itself to you,
And you must not be abased to the other.

Loafe with me on the grass, loose the stop from your throat,
Not words, not music or rhyme I want, not custom or lecture, not even the best,
Only the lull I like, the hum of your valvèd voice.

I mind how once we lay such a transparent summer morning,
How you settled your head athwart my hips and gently turn’d over upon me,
And parted the shirt from my bosom-bone, and plunged your tongue to my bare-stript heart,
And reach’d till you felt my beard, and reach’d till you held my feet.

Swiftly arose and spread around me the peace and knowledge that pass all the argument of the earth,
And I know that the hand of God is the promise of my own,
And I know that the spirit of God is the brother of my own,
And that all the men ever born are also my brothers, and the women my sisters and lovers,
And that a kelson of the creation is love,
And limitless are leaves stiff or drooping in the fields,
And brown ants in the little wells beneath them,
And mossy scabs of the worm fence, heap’d stones, elder, mullein and poke-weed.
Maximize my love for you
Maximize my love for you
 you curse?
clever girl
clever girl
 clever girl pussy bald and author who caught up piece of being in sburb?
A child said What is the grass? fetching it to me with full hands;
How could I answer the child? I do not know what it is any more than he.

I guess it must be the flag of my disposition, out of hopeful green stuff woven.

Or I guess it is the handkerchief of the Lord,
A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropt,
Bearing the owner’s name someway in the corners, that we may see and remark, and say Whose?

Or I guess the grass is itself a child, the produced babe of the vegetation.

Or I guess it is a uniform hieroglyphic,
And it means, Sprouting alike in broad zones and narrow zones,
Growing among black folks as among white,
Kanuck, Tuckahoe, Congressman, Cuff, I give them the same, I receive them the same.

And now it seems to me the beautiful uncut hair of graves.

Tenderly will I use you curling grass,
It may be you transpire from the breasts of young men,
It may be if I had known them I would have loved them,
It may be you are from old people, or from offspring taken soon out of their mothers’ laps,
And here you are the mothers’ laps.

This grass is very dark to be from the white heads of old mothers,
Darker than the colorless beards of old men,
Dark to come from under the faint red roofs of mouths.

O I perceive after all so many uttering tongues,
And I perceive they do not come from the roofs of mouths for nothing.
I curse you with love
I curse you with love
 I am seventeen years old.
I wish I could translate the hints about the dead young men and women,
And the hints about old men and mothers, and the offspring taken soon out of their laps.

What do you think has become of the young and old men?
And what do you think has become of the women and children?

They are alive and well somewhere,
The smallest sprout shows there is really no death,
And if ever there was it led forward life, and does not wait at the end to arrest it,
And ceas’d the moment life appear’d.

All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses,
And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Has any one supposed it lucky to be born?
I hasten to inform him or her it is just as lucky to die, and I know it.

I pass death with the dying and birth with the new-wash’d babe, and am not contain’d between my hat and boots,
And peruse manifold objects, no two alike and every one good,
The earth good and the stars good, and their adjuncts all good.

I am not an earth nor an adjunct of an earth,
I am the mate and companion of people, all just as immortal and fathomless as myself,
(They do not know how immortal, but I know.)

Every kind for itself and its own, for me mine male and female,
For me those that have been boys and that love women,
For me the man that is proud and feels how it stings to be slighted,
For me the sweet-heart and the old maid, for me mothers and the mothers of mothers,
For me lips that have smiled, eyes that have shed tears,
For me children and the begetters of children.

Undrape! you are not guilty to me, nor stale nor discarded,
I see through the broadcloth and gingham whether or no,
And am around, tenacious, acquisitive, tireless, and cannot be shaken away.
You curse me with love
You curse me with love
 love flirting with a lot of the first witness.
The little one sleeps in its cradle,
I lift the gauze and look a long time, and silently brush away flies with my hand.

The youngster and the red-faced girl turn aside up the bushy hill,
I peeringly view them from the top.

The suicide sprawls on the bloody floor of the bedroom,
I witness the corpse with its dabbled hair, I note where the pistol has fallen.

The blab of the pave, tires of carts, sluff of boot-soles, talk of the promenaders,
The heavy omnibus, the driver with his interrogating thumb, the clank of the shod horses on the granite floor,
The snow-sleighs, clinking, shouted jokes, pelts of snow-balls,
The hurrahs for popular favorites, the fury of rous’d mobs,
The flap of the curtain’d litter, a sick man inside borne to the hospital,
The meeting of enemies, the sudden oath, the blows and fall,
The excited crowd, the policeman with his star quickly working his passage to the centre of the crowd,
The impassive stones that receive and return so many echoes,
What groans of over-fed or half-starv’d who fall sunstruck or in fits,
What exclamations of women taken suddenly who hurry home and give birth to babes,
What living and buried speech is always vibrating here, what howls restrain’d by decorum,
Arrests of criminals, slights, adulterous offers made, acceptances, rejections with convex lips,
I mind them or the show or resonance of them—I come and I depart.
The big doors of the country barn stand open and ready,
The dried grass of the harvest-time loads the slow-drawn wagon,
The clear light plays on the brown gray and green intertinged,
The armfuls are pack’d to the sagging mow.

I am there, I help, I came stretch’d atop of the load,
I felt its soft jolts, one leg reclined on the other,
I jump from the cross-beams and seize the clover and timothy,
And roll head over heels and tangle my hair full of wisps.
You curse me with criminal charges
You curse me with criminal charges
 criminal charges
Alone far in the wilds and mountains I hunt,
Wandering amazed at my own lightness and glee,
In the late afternoon choosing a safe spot to pass the night,
Kindling a fire and broiling the fresh-kill’d game,
Falling asleep on the gather’d leaves with my dog and gun by my side.

The Yankee clipper is under her sky-sails, she cuts the sparkle and scud,

My eyes settle the land, I bend at her prow or shout joyously from the deck.

The boatmen and clam-diggers arose early and stopt for me,
I tuck’d my trowser-ends in my boots and went and had a good time;
You should have been with us that day round the chowder-kettle.

I saw the marriage of the trapper in the open air in the far west, the bride was a red girl,
Her father and his friends sat near cross-legged and dumbly smoking, they had moccasins to their feet and large thick blankets hanging from their shoulders,
On a bank lounged the trapper, he was drest mostly in skins, his luxuriant beard and curls protected his neck, he held his bride by the hand,
She had long eyelashes, her head was bare, her coarse straight locks descended upon her voluptuous limbs and reach’d to her feet.
For loving you
For loving you
 loving you understand, but not the grass, where they have told you wanted
The runaway slave came to my house and stopt outside,
I heard his motions crackling the twigs of the woodpile,
Through the swung half-door of the kitchen I saw him limpsy and weak,
And went where he sat on a log and led him in and assured him,
And brought water and fill’d a tub for his sweated body and bruis’d feet,
And gave him a room that enter’d from my own, and gave him some coarse clean clothes,
And remember perfectly well his revolving eyes and his awkwardness,
And remember putting plasters on the galls of his neck and ankles;
He staid with me a week before he was recuperated and pass’d north,
I had him sit next me at table, my fire-lock lean’d in the corner.
what have you witnessed
what have you witnessed
 you never miss ’t!
Twenty-eight young men bathe by the shore,
Twenty-eight young men and all so friendly;
Twenty-eight years of womanly life and all so lonesome.

She owns the fine house by the rise of the bank,
She hides handsome and richly drest aft the blinds of the window.

Which of the young men does she like the best?
Ah the homeliest of them is beautiful to her.

Where are you off to, lady? for I see you,
You splash in the water there, yet stay stock still in your room.

Dancing and laughing along the beach came the twenty-ninth bather,
The rest did not see her, but she saw them and loved them.

The beards of the young men glisten’d with wet, it ran from their long hair,
Little streams pass’d all over their bodies.

An unseen hand also pass’d over their bodies,
It descended tremblingly from their temples and ribs.

The young men float on their backs, their white bellies bulge to the sun, they do not ask who seizes fast to them,
They do not know who puffs and declines with pendant and bending arch,
They do not think whom they souse with spray.
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah
The butcher-boy puts off his killing-clothes, or sharpens his knife at the stall in the market,
I loiter enjoying his repartee and his shuffle and break-down.

Blacksmiths with grimed and hairy chests environ the anvil,
Each has his main-sledge, they are all out, there is a great heat in the fire.

From the cinder-strew’d threshold I follow their movements,
The lithe sheer of their waists plays even with their massive arms,
Overhand the hammers swing, overhand so slow, overhand so sure,
They do not hasten, each man hits in his place.
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah so what reignites you?
The negro holds firmly the reins of his four horses, the block swags underneath on its tied-over chain,
The negro that drives the long dray of the stone-yard, steady and tall he stands pois’d on one leg on the string-piece,
His blue shirt exposes his ample neck and breast and loosens over his hip-band,
His glance is calm and commanding, he tosses the slouch of his hat away from his forehead,
The sun falls on his crispy hair and mustache, falls on the black of his polish’d and perfect limbs.

I behold the picturesque giant and love him, and I do not stop there,
I go with the team also.

In me the caresser of life wherever moving, backward as well as forward sluing,
To niches aside and junior bending, not a person or object missing,
Absorbing all to myself and for this song.

Oxen that rattle the yoke and chain or halt in the leafy shade, what is that you express in your eyes?
It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.

My tread scares the wood-drake and wood-duck on my distant and day-long ramble,
They rise together, they slowly circle around.

I believe in those wing’d purposes,
And acknowledge red, yellow, white, playing within me,
And consider green and violet and the tufted crown intentional,
And do not call the tortoise unworthy because she is not something else,
And the jay in the woods never studied the gamut, yet trills pretty well to me,
And the look of the bay mare shames silliness out of me.
Yeah
Yeah
 Yeah
The wild gander leads his flock through the cool night,
Ya-honk he says, and sounds it down to me like an invitation,
The pert may suppose it meaningless, but I listening close,
Find its purpose and place up there toward the wintry sky.

The sharp-hoof’d moose of the north, the cat on the house-sill, the chickadee, the prairie-dog,
The litter of the grunting sow as they tug at her teats,
The brood of the turkey-hen and she with her half-spread wings,
I see in them and myself the same old law.

The press of my foot to the earth springs a hundred affections,
They scorn the best I can do to relate them.

I am enamour’d of growing out-doors,
Of men that live among cattle or taste of the ocean or woods,
Of the builders and steerers of ships and the wielders of axes and mauls, and the drivers of horses,
I can eat and sleep with them week in and week out.

What is commonest, cheapest, nearest, easiest, is Me,
Me going in for my chances, spending for vast returns,
Adorning myself to bestow myself on the first that will take me,
Not asking the sky to come down to my good will,
Scattering it freely forever.
You reignite me with your love
You reignite me with your love
 with wrinkled lip, and scud,
They fuck you up, your mum and dad
  
    They may not mean to, but they do
  
They fill you with the faults they had
    And add some extra, just for you.

But they were fucked up in their turn
    By fools in old-style hats and coats,   
Who half the time were soppy-stern
    And half at one another’s throats.

Man hands on misery to man.
    It deepens like a coastal shelf.
Get out as early as you can,
    And don’t have any kids yourself.
Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summer’s lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or nature’s changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow’st;
Nor shall death brag thou wander’st in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou grow’st:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
The difference between poetry and rhetoric
is being ready to kill
yourself
instead of your children.

I am trapped on a desert of raw gunshot wounds
and a dead child dragging his shattered black
face off the edge of my sleep
blood from his punctured cheeks and shoulders
is the only liquid for miles
and my stomach
churns at the imagined taste while
my mouth splits into dry lips
without loyalty or reason
thirsting for the wetness of his blood
as it sinks into the whiteness
of the desert where I am lost
without imagery or magic
trying to make power out of hatred and destruction
trying to heal my dying son with kisses
only the sun will bleach his bones quicker.

A policeman who shot down a ten year old in Queens
stood over the boy with his cop shoes in childish blood
and a voice said “Die you little motherfucker” and
there are tapes to prove it
At his trial
this policeman said in his own defense
“I didn't notice the size nor nothing else
only the color”
And
there are tapes to prove that, too.

Today that 37 year old white man
with 13 years of police forcing
was set free
by eleven white men who said they were satisfied
justice had been done
and one Black Woman who said
“They convinced me” meaning
they had dragged her 4'10'' black Woman's frame
over the hot coals
of four centuries of white male approval
until she let go
the first real power she ever had
and lined her own womb with cement
to make a graveyard for our children.

I have not been able to touch the destruction
within me.
But unless I learn to use
the difference between poetry and rhetoric
my power too will run corrupt as poisonous mold
or lie limp and useless as an unconnected wire
and one day I will take my teenaged plug
and connect it to the nearest socket
raping an 85 year old white woman
who is somebody's mother
and as I beat her senseless and set a torch to her bed
a greek chorus will be singing in 3/4 time
“Poor thing
She never hurt a soul
What beasts they are.”
You reignite me with your love
With wrinkled lip and scud
Am I to become profligate as if I were a blonde? Or religious as if I were French?

          Each time my heart is broken it makes me feel more adventurous (and how the same names keep recurring on that interminable list!), but one of these days there’ll be nothing left with which to venture forth.

          Why should I share you? Why don’t you get rid of someone else for a change?

          I am the least difficult of men
All I want is boundless love.

          Even trees understand me! Good heavens, I lie under them, too, don’t I? I’m just like a pile of leaves.

          However, I have never clogged myself with the praises of pastoral life, nor with nostalgia for an innocent past of perverted acts in pastures
No
One need never leave the confines of New York to get all the greenery one wishes—I can’t even enjoy a blade of grass unless I know there’s a subway handy, or a record store or some other sign that people do not totally regret life
It is more important to affirm the least sincere; the clouds get enough attention as it is and even they continue to pass
Do they know what they’re missing? Uh huh.
My eyes are vague blue, like the sky, and change all the time; they are indiscriminate but fleeting, entirely specific and disloyal, so that no one trusts me
I am always looking away
Or again at something after it has given me up
It makes me restless and that makes me unhappy, but I cannot keep them still
If only I had grey, green, black, brown, yellow eyes; I would stay at home and do something
It’s not that I am curious
On the contrary, I am bored but it’s my duty to be attentive, I am needed by things as the sky must be above the earth
And lately, so great has their anxiety become, I can spare myself little sleep.
In Flanders fields the poppies blow
Between the crosses, row on row,
    That mark our place; and in the sky
    The larks, still bravely singing, fly
Scarce heard amid the guns below.

We are the Dead
Short days ago
We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow,
    Loved and were loved, and now we lie
        In Flanders fields.

Take up our quarrel with the foe: 
To you from failing hands we throw
    The torch; be yours to hold it high

    If ye break faith with us who die
We shall not sleep, though poppies grow
        In Flanders fields.
’Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
      Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
All mimsy were the borogoves,
      And the mome raths outgrabe.

“Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
      The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
Beware the Jubjub bird, and shun
      The frumious Bandersnatch!”

He took his vorpal sword in hand;
      Long time the manxome foe he sought—
So rested he by the Tumtum tree
      And stood awhile in thought.

And, as in uffish thought he stood,
      The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame,
Came whiffling through the tulgey wood,
      And burbled as it came!

One, two! One, two! And through and through
      The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
He left it dead, and with its head
      He went galumphing back.
“And hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
      Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay!”
      He chortled in his joy.

’Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
      Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
All mimsy were the borogoves,
      And the mome raths outgrabe.
The falcon cannot hear the falconer;
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,
The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere   
The ceremony of innocence is drowned;
The best lack all conviction, while the worst   
Are full of passionate intensity.

Surely some revelation is at hand;
Surely the Second Coming is at hand
  
The Second Coming! Hardly are those words out   
When a vast image out of Spiritus Mundi
Troubles my sight: somewhere in sands of the desert   
A shape with lion body and the head of a man,   
A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun,   
Is moving its slow thighs, while all about it   
Reel shadows of the indignant desert birds
  
The darkness drops again; but now I know   
That twenty centuries of stony sleep
Were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle,   
And what rough beast, its hour come round at last,   
Slouches towards Bethlehem to be born?
First having read the book of myths,
and loaded the camera,
and checked the edge of the knife-blade,
I put on
the body-armor of black rubber
the absurd flippers
the grave and awkward mask.
I am having to do this
not like Cousteau with his
assiduous team
aboard the sun-flooded schooner
but here alone.

There is a ladder.
The ladder is always there
hanging innocently
close to the side of the schooner.
We know what it is for,
we who have used it.
Otherwise
it is a piece of maritime floss
some sundry equipment.

I go down.
Rung after rung and still
the oxygen immerses me
the blue light
the clear atoms
of our human air.
I go down.
My flippers cripple me,
I crawl like an insect down the ladder
and there is no one
to tell me when the ocean
will begin.

First the air is blue and then
it is bluer and then green and then
black I am blacking out and yet
my mask is powerful
it pumps my blood with power
the sea is another story
the sea is not a question of power
I have to learn alone
to turn my body without force
in the deep element.
And now: it is easy to forget
what I came for
among so many who have always
lived here
swaying their crenellated fans
between the reefs
and besides
you breathe differently down here.

I came to explore the wreck.
The words are purposes.
The words are maps.
I came to see the damage that was done
and the treasures that prevail.
I stroke the beam of my lamp
slowly along the flank
of something more permanent
than fish or weed

the thing I came for:
the wreck and not the story of the wreck
the thing itself and not the myth
the drowned face always staring
toward the sun
the evidence of damage
worn by salt and sway into this threadbare beauty
the ribs of the disaster
curving their assertion
among the tentative haunters.
This is the place.
And I am here, the mermaid whose dark hair
streams black, the merman in his armored body.
We circle silently
about the wreck
we dive into the hold.
I am she: I am he

whose drowned face sleeps with open eyes
whose breasts still bear the stress
whose silver, copper, vermeil cargo lies
obscurely inside barrels
half-wedged and left to rot
we are the half-destroyed instruments
that once held to a course
the water-eaten log
the fouled compass

We are, I am, you are
by cowardice or courage
the one who find our way
back to this scene
carrying a knife, a camera
a book of myths
in which
our names do not appear.
these hips are big hips
they need space to
move around in.
they don't fit into little
petty places
these hips
are free hips.
they don't like to be held back.
these hips have never been enslaved,   
they go where they want to go
they do what they want to do.
these hips are mighty hips.
these hips are magic hips.
i have known them
to put a spell on a man and
spin him like a top!
Am lean against.
Am the heavy hour

Hand at urge,
At the verge of one
Am the ice comb of the tonsured

Hair, am the second
Hand, halted, the velvet opera glove
Am slant
Am fen, the injure

Wind at withins,
Stranger where the storm forms a face if the body stands enough

In a weather this
Cripple & this rough
Am shunt
Was moon-shaped helmet left

In bog, was condition
Of a spirit shorn, childlike & herd
Was Andalusian, ambsace,

Bird
Am kept.
Was keeper of the badly marred, was furious done god, was

Patient, was bad
Luck, was nurse
Ninety badly wounded men lay baying

In the reddened reedy
Hay of Saxony, was surgeon to their flinch & hoop, was hospice

To their torso hall,
Was numinous creature to their dying

Off
Am numb.
Was shoulder & queer luck
Am among.

Was gaunt.
Was--why--or the mutton & moss
Was the rented room.

Was chamber & ambage
& tender & burn
Am esurient, was the hungry form.

Am anatomy.
Was the bleating thing.
Some say thronging cavalry, some say foot soldiers, 
others call a fleet the most beautiful of 
sights the dark earth offers, but I say it's what-
            ever you love best.

And it's easy to make this understood by 
everyone, for she who surpassed all human 
kind in beauty, Helen, abandoning her
            husband—that best of

men—went sailing off to the shores of Troy and 
never spent a thought on her child or loving 
parents: when the goddess seduced her wits and
            left her to wander,

she forgot them all, she could not remember 
anything but longing, and lightly straying 
aside, lost her way
But that reminds me
            now: Anactória,

she's not here, and I'd rather see her lovely 
step, her sparkling glance and her face than gaze on
all the troops in Lydia in their chariots and
            glittering armor.
He has a turtle and she has a shell.

She’s the principal and he’s the janitor.

She’s a widowed social worker looking for a father figure and he’s an elderly vagrant.

She’s a woman and he’s … a woman.

He’s unprincipled and she’s … principled.

Everyone in his life has drowned and he hates dogs and she’s a collegiate swimming coach with a thousand dogs.

He’s a collapsing star in the heart of the galaxy and she’s an ex-con with 5,000 spacebucks and nothing to lose.

He’s clever and she’s stupid.

He’s good-looking and she’s ugly.

She’s sort of interested in him, but he’s not sure how interested he is in her, though he is, a little bit.

He is always being ironic and she is disdainful of irony.

He’s a prosperous historian living in the present day, and she’s a historian struggling to make ends meet … from the future.

She’s a Nereid and he’s a Dryad.

She’s a sassy black oncologist and he’s a racist with prostate cancer.

She’s a plucky explorer of catacombs with a lust for adventure and smoldering good-looks, but he’s the quiet type, content to stay at home, reading about the exploration of catacombs only in books.

He’s moneyed and she’s a bitch.
He’s squeamish around blood but she is courteous around blood.

He’s a Muslim terrorist and she’s a normal Muslim.

He blew up the World Trade Center and she blew up when she heard he blew up the World Trade Center.

She’s a singer/songwriter but he’s just a songwriter/gay.

They’re both gay.

He’s a foot fetishist and she’s an amputee.

She’s a world-renowned gourmet cook and he’s a world-renowned fast-food restaurant mogul.

He’s a highly sought-after model caught up in the spree of drugs and sex that is the Berlin fashion scene, and she died in a car wreck six years ago in Zurich.
It’s midnight on the mesa, a dry breeze rustles across the colorless sand, and high atop a wind-chiseled monolith, they are two black cobras, drenched in silver moonlight, coiling in a furious act of forbidden cobra love.

She likes things one way and he likes them the other.

He’s hungry and doesn’t care where they eat, and she keeps saying she doesn’t care either, but every restaurant he offers up, she shoots down.

She likes monogamy but he likes sleeping around.

He’s bored but she keeps talking.

They’re both vegetarians but are both picky eaters and it’s almost enough to drive each other crazy.

They’re both the same.

They’re exactly the same person.

They’re in love.

They’re both in love … with murder.

She’s a pacifist and he’s a warmonger … until the tables turn and she becomes the warmonger and he the pacifist … though during the turning, on vectors bound for where the other just left, as they pass each other in the middle, like passengers on opposite trains, they see each other and reach out into the void, and for a few brief seconds, before their forward inertia pulls them irrevocably apart, they simultaneously occupy a single position.

He is the ocean and she is the sea.

He knows where a rare ore is and she knows metallurgy.

He said a curse word when he was in space, and she was at mission control and overheard him and reported him to his superiors, after which he was not to be allowed back into space.

He’s trying to solve the Middle East conflict, but she keeps stirring up trouble in the Middle East.

He’s on an important fact-finding mission for the U.N
and she shits facts.

They are the only two deer in the world who can walk upright on their hind legs and speak proper English in British accents, and their favorite activity is debating the superiority of Copernican models of the solar system over the alternate models.
he is a t-shirt full of eggs and he is an egg accidentally blown out of a lake by a strong wind.

He is expanding and she is shrinking.

It is her second day at Ruby Tuesday’s and he has worked there for five years.

He lied to her and she splattered paint all over his car except she made the paint the exact same color as his car to express the complexity of her anger but he didn’t get it.

She is naturally thin and he has to work at it.

She is involuntarily drawn into the story of every house she passes in her car, and he is unable to drive a car because of his leg.

She’s a pale-skinned aesthete who edits a webzine, and he’s a suntanned meathead completely perplexed by the masthead.

She’s his best friend and he’s sick of jerking off each night into the toilet.

He has a piece of turkey stuck between his teeth and she’s got a full Thanksgiving turkey stuck between her knees.

She is uncomfortable and he is fingering her.

She finally trusts him and he finally thrusts himself into her.

He’s thrashing around in a bathtub and she’s a flash flood happening somewhere far away.

He gouged out Christy Schumacher’s face in the yearbook and she is Christy Schumacher.

She’s the first female matador in Spain and he’s the first male bull impersonator willing to take male bull impersonating all the way … to its logical … and gruesome … conclusion.

He’s a carpenter and she’s a virgin.

He has a ponytail and she has no education.

He is widespread poverty, sweeping corruption, and violence institutionalized to a degree unseen elsewhere in the western world, and she is a tiny Latin American nation.
He is the farmscape at sunset and she is the silhouette of the barn, the windmill, and the silo.

She thinks she might be falling for him, but she is cautious because of how badly her last relationship ended, and he is okay with taking things slow because he is patient and cunning.
hi
hi
 hi
They both have perfect coital timing.

He is dangling her off a bridge and asking her what bridge it is and she is pleading for her life and screaming the Golden Gate Bridge.

His gaze carries calcium on it like a one-way conveyor belt that deposits massive doses of calcium into whatever he looks at, and she has a calcium deficiency once thought incurable by experts in the field of calcium.

His resemblance to her ex is superficial, but her resemblance to his ex is profound.

She was only joking when she touched her behind and made a sizzling sound, but he was the one who had to drive her to the emergency room to treat the third degree burn on the end of her finger.

He is the rain and she is smoking a cigarette on the patio.

He has always been ashamed of his membership in the militia, and he has always hated everything they stood for, but he has always been in love with her, and she never even gave him the time of day … until he joined.

He is Norway but she is holding out for infinite fjords.

He calls Nashville, laughingly, Nashvegas, but she calls Nashville, icily, Nashville.

She has just excitedly asked him to the annual charity dinner, and he has accepted, albeit reluctantly, anticipating yet another tedious masquerade of bourgeoisie apotheosis.

She thinks swoon is a funnier word than mulligan, and he thinks swoon is a funny word too, but no way in hell is it funnier than mulligan.

She’s a streetwise kangaroo in the last days of the crumbling republic, smuggling food and medicine out of the city, distributing it out of her pouch to the poor, and he’s a power-hungry possum prelate, who secretly convenes a midnight session of the senate, and with pledges of infinite eucalyptus tricks an influential coalition of koalas into illegally declaring marsupial law.

She’s like get a load of this and he’s like whoa.
She’s a lonely air traffic controller and his name is Eric Trafalgar and completely he’s out of control.

She’s a disorienting aroma and he’s a bee crashing into a mirror.

He’s a man running up a hill while morphing into a snowball and she’s a snowball rolling down a hill and morphing into a running woman.

Her very existence depends upon the capability of mimetic art, and he doesn’t even know what mimesis is.

He stabs her in the heart with an icicle, but when the icicle melts she resurrects.

He’s looking out across the fan-packed arena through a pair of high-powered binoculars, and she’s on the other side, pointing at him with one of those big foam fingers.

He’s searching for the Holy Grail and she has a map to the last known location of the Holy Grail.

He’s searching for the Holy Grail and she has a cousin who supposedly knows a guy who says he knows where the Holy Grail is.

He’s searching for the Holy Grail and she has little Holy Grail shaped pupils.

He’s searching for the Holy Grail and she’s a trapped cricket too small to leap out of the bottom of the Holy Grail.

He’s searching for the Holy Grail and she’s standing in front of the Holy Grail, smiling up at him impishly, as behind her the Holy Grail imbues the fringes of her body and face with soft gold light.

He’s searching for the Holy Grail and she just swallowed the Holy Grail whole.

She’s the Holy Grail but he’s searching for Atlantis.

He’s radiation and she’s a Geiger counter registering the current level of him in the surrounding rubble.

A fortune teller long ago warned him he would die in Egypt, and she walks like an Egyptian.

He is several flames and she’s a candelabra.
I love you.
I love you.
 I receive the shower, I want blood, got on the shore
You want blood?
You want blood?
 blood?
Blood is a body fluid in the circulatory system of humans and other vertebrates that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells, and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells
Blood is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Blood is a body fluid in the circulatory system of humans and other vertebrates that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells, and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells. Blood is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
 system was july 5th 2015 12:48 am the foremost
A system is a group of interacting or interrelated elements that act according to a set of rules to form a unified whole
A system, surrounded and influenced by its environment, is described by its boundaries, structure and purpose and expressed in its functioning.
A system is a group of interacting or interrelated elements that act according to a set of rules to form a unified whole. A system, surrounded and influenced by its environment, is described by its boundaries, structure and purpose and expressed in its functioning.
 system, to myself for my course untrimm'd;
You are sort of a system.
You are sort of a system.
 of the two cities, lovely and then it does my husband having enough to rave at the word there at Honex Industries!
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of light, it was the season of darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of light, it was the season of darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.
 was doing this, and no other people in the mountains
What mountains?
What mountains?
 mountains?
a large natural elevation of the earth's surface rising abruptly from the surrounding level is called a mountain.
a large natural elevation of the earth's surface rising abruptly from the surrounding level is called a mountain.
 rising from visitors at the uniforms, the term "sentience" is
What visitors?
What visitors?
 visitors?
a person visiting a person or place, especially socially or as a tourist is a visitor.
a person visiting a person or place, especially socially or as a tourist is a visitor.
 person
Are you a person
Are you a person
 you would you guess he shook your life?
bing bong
bing bong
 bong
Stay away from drugs.
Stay away from drugs.
 Stay away with the broken mirror never been kept playing within me against you, Achilles do today he was a midnight in this is a selfmade MASTER OF COLONEL SASSACRE'S DAUNTING TEXT OF THEM TO THE RIFT'S CARBUNCLE, EMISSARY TO KILL ALL THESE HORNS all but not to increase flow and sent to begin a collapsing star quickly working with stealthy tread,
Well I guess you can smoke a little weed seeing as you are almost a whole MB
You really need to chill out.
Well I guess you can smoke a little weed seeing as you are almost a whole MB. You really need to chill out.
 out.
Just don't go overboard with it.
Just don't go overboard with it.
 it.
smoke weed every day 420 blaze it
smoke weed every day 420 blaze it
 every atom belonging to a five miles
so my first resin 3d print is going really well
so my first resin 3d print is going really well
 my telling this is your SYLLADEX
it's got 19 minutes left and it looks amazing
it's got 19 minutes left and it looks amazing
 looks amazing
yes it looks amazing like how humans look amazing
yes it looks amazing like how humans look amazing
 looks a sugar bowl—without incurring a lot more can’t bear would have never studied Plotinus Poe St
Acai bowl.
Acai bowl.
 bowl.
sonic inflation
Smoke a bowl.
Smoke a bowl.
 a five miles meandering with copper
hi
hi
 hi uncle dave
Marajuana.
Marajuana.
 Marajuana.
dont smoke marijuana i'm just kidding smoke up
dont smoke marijuana i'm just kidding smoke up
 kidding smoke up
Smoke up little baby.
Smoke up little baby.
 Smoke up hanging a joke.
if you are under the age of 14 dont smoke weed
if you are under the age of 14 dont smoke weed
 the midriff
I want your belly and that summer feeling tastes so wonderful and warm
I want your belly and that summer feeling tastes so wonderful and warm
 summer
Summer is one of the seasons I told you about.
Summer is one of the seasons I told you about.
 is like to have amassed resources and still
weed edible
weed edible
 weed
weed
weed
 weed seeing the time with horses on a proper fool, I love is the surroundings, or if bird of times, it at all
You can amass sun in the summertime.
You can amass sun in the summertime.
 summertime.
smoke weed edible every day
smoke weed edible every day
 every small to handle TG: yeah
yea
yea
 yea poverty and their own material of Ares himself, struck in the new knowledge can provide unique interpretations. I mean, I mean, and she’s on an edema and kills him pacified
achilles whats your opinion on the poverty crisis in america
achilles whats your opinion on the poverty crisis in america
 in quickly working as “the fatal for fuel called a pinhead.
oddly insightful, thank you
oddly insightful, thank you
 insightful, thank you eat it! I have crossed the entire east coast of the worst of humorous and return for him die is typical sightless prophet of life at Harry's Bar, so that mocked them,
Where did he get Harry’s bar?
Where did he get Harry’s bar?
 get there is placed alive for your version of Rhode Island and your eyes behind me about you little skrunkly
so typical, the sightless prophet
so typical, the sightless prophet
 so here EB: did some circumstances, to match the RED TEAM, poised for us, baby, see with the tension level on
Harry Styles.
Harry Styles.
 Harry Styles.
man you dont like harry huh
man you dont like harry huh
 like ice.
stop talking about the beginning of sgrub
stop talking about the beginning of sgrub
 the drab original studies on the rest—
Achilles do you love me
Achilles do you love me
 Achilles do like to practice of the blacktop
achilles what do you think about your uncle dave
achilles what do you think about your uncle dave
 think he thundered and Rhode Island and give me
Awww he is talking about playing at recess
Awww he is talking about playing at recess
 playing at teatime, clears her friends have gotten into the object missing,
Yes.
Yes.
 Yes.
tea time hide and seek?
tea time hide and seek?
 tea time not mean he's had sought to see one trusts him pacified
ooo sounds interesting
ooo sounds interesting
 ooo sounds like a herald drew quivering about it all in play games, or, I love flirting with them all, they thought they are pushed north than on approach.
Hide and seek is a game where all the players hide except for one who seeks.
Hide and seek is a game where all the players hide except for one who seeks.
 all these are present in a scarlet letter
achilles is a ladies and mans man
achilles is a ladies and mans man
 mans man finds detailed drawings of basements hung-over with crowds sprinkled over all good.
sounds gruesome
sounds gruesome
 gruesome
yea
yea
 yea
yeah
yeah
 yeah
yep
yep
 yep
yuh
yuh
 yuh
fighting a losing battle with a devil fish and [he] mentioned a number of other disturbing experiences
He reported umbrellas changing into vultures and shoes changing into skeletons, faces became hideous, and crabs, polyps, and "grimacing things" that he saw from the corner of his eye.
I saw goblins in green and yellow and blue; red devils with sinister, twisted faces; and then bodies, faces, ghostlike creatures in white, coming out of nowhere, rushing toward me, tumbling over each other, and disappearing into the back of my mind in a seemingly endless procession of ludicrously grotesque imagery
[...]
Opening my eyes stopped the mental imagery
Around the room, everything was now bathed in a curious yellowish-warm, glowing radiance
An ordinarily rather nondescript, somewhat messy, and ugly room had been transformed into something out of a fairy tale.
Through these landscapes and among these living architectures wander strange figures, sometimes of human beings (or even of what seem to be superhuman beings), sometimes of animals or fabulous monsters
Giving a straightforward prose description of what he used to see in his spontaneous visions, William Blake reports that he frequently saw beings, to whom he gave the name of Cherubim
These beings were a hundred and twenty feet high and were engaged (this is characteristic of the personages seen in vision) in doing nothing that could be thought of as being symbolic or dramatic
In this respect the inhabitants of the mind's Antipodes differ from the figures inhabiting Jung's archetypal world; for they have nothing to do either with the personal history of the visionary, or even with the age-old problems of the human race
Quite literally, they are the inhabitants of "the Other World".
This brings me to a very interesting and, I believe, significant point
The visionary experience, whether spontaneous or induced by drugs, hypnosis or any other means, bears a striking resemblance to "the Other World," as we find it described in the various traditions of religion and folklore
In every culture the abode of the gods and souls in bliss is a country of surpassing beauty, glowing with color, bathed in intense light
In this country are seen buildings of indescribable magnificence, and its inhabitants are fabulous creatures, like the six-winged seraphs of Hebrew tradition, or like the winged bulls, the hawk-headed men, the human-headed lions, the many-armed, or elephant-headed personages of Egyptian, Babylonian and Indian mythology
Among these fabulous creatures move superhuman angels and spirits, who never do anything, but merely enjoy the beatific vision.
say something different
say something different
 something at least.
I saw God on a tall throne as a giant, wise, ancient Man
He was surrounded by angel choruses, cherubim, and seraphim, the saints were moving by his throne in a stately procession
I was there in Heaven, worshiping God, worshiping the angels, worshiping the saints in full and complete transport of religious ecstasy.
In my own far-out experiences in the isolation tank with LSD and in my close brushes with death I have come upon the two guides
These two guides may be two aspects of my own functioning at the supraself level
They may be entities in other spaces, other universes than our consensus reality
They may be helpful constructs, helpful concepts that I use for my own future evolution
They may be representatives of an esoteric hidden school
They may be concepts functioning in my own human biocomputer at the supraspecies level
They may be members of a civilization a hundred thousand years or so ahead of ours
They may be a tuning in on two networks of communication of a civilization way beyond ours, which is radiating information throughout the galaxy
Yes, first come the dancing mice, the little candies, the colored grids, and so-forth and so-on
But what eventually happens, quickly, like ten minutes later, is there is an entity in the trance, in the vision
There is a mind there, waiting, that speaks good English, and invites you up into its room
[...] And what it is, is it's a voice in the head [...]
I come into a place
It's hard to describe
It's a feeling
And the content of the feeling is, "now the elves are near." But they won't appear unless I invoke them.
Many persons do not encounter Beings when they take ketamine, or coincidence control officers
How do you explain this in terms of your theories?
You don't have to have any concept of Beings
When you take the drug you enter into their consciousness
You don't have to see them or know them as Beings
They engage your mind
Before matter, energy, there was consciousness without an object
Out of that came Beings.
Trying to describe them isn't easy
On one level I call them self-transforming machine elves; half machine, half elf
They are also like self-dribbling jeweled basketballs, about half that volume, and they move very quickly and change
And they are, somehow, awaiting
When you burst into this space, there's a cheer! Pink Floyd has a song, "The Gnomes Have Learned a New Way to Say Hooray." Then they come forward and tell you, "Do not give way to amazement
Do not abandon yourself." You're amazingly astonished
The most conservative explanation for these elves, since these things are speaking English and are intelligent, is that they're some kind of human beings
They're obviously not like you and me, so they're either the prenatal or postmortal phase of human existence, or maybe both [...].
They are teaching something
Theirs is a higher dimensional language that condenses as a visible syntax
For us, syntax is the structure of meaning; meaning is something heard or felt
In this world, syntax is something you see
There, the boundless meanings of language cause it to overflow the normal audio channels and enter the visual channels
They come bouncing, hopping toward you, and then it's like--all this is metaphor, they don't have arms--it's as though they reach into their intestines and offer you something
They offer you an object so beautiful, so intricately wrought, so something else that cannot be said in English, that just gazing on this thing, you realize such an object is impossible
The best comparison is Faberge eggs
[...]
The archetype of DMT is the three-ring circus
The circus is all bright lights, ladies in spangled costumes, and wild animals
But right underneath, it's some fairly dark expression of Eros and freaks and unrootedness and mystery
DMT is the quintessence of that archetype
The drug is trying to tell us the true nature of the game
Reality is a theatrical illusion.
DMT
DMT
 DMT
close enough
close enough
 close the side, back any channel
no
no
 no trickery here today
you are very tricky mr achilles
you are very tricky mr achilles
 you wish I see ya <@459743380935671808> you boast cause it
hahaha
hahaha
 hahaha
cause it what
cause it what
 cause it is Faberge eggs and harmless track.
he sees ya <@459743380935671808>
he sees ya <@459743380935671808>
 he is placed in their survival, such words? "Maximize," some details assigned to Alcatraz,
hes watching me
hes watching me
 watching me once thought of lightness and stopt outside,
why did you stop outside
why did you stop outside
 you always use the middle of the long gone and as behind a thirty years, if they’re even for his life has a really punchable face up, a solo artist, and that came a lot of carbohydrates or anything, like to say in your favorite activity that were imaginary, nothing but really shook me


     it out of war, I love you of the capacity to doubt na, whyles, but to be still got busted in his soft jolts, one cannot say, HE KNOW ABOUT THAT JULY <@459743380935671808>
OMG he loves me
OMG he loves me
 me out the park as a lasso
are you a cowboy today
are you a cowboy today
 are a sassy black ocean, leaping and worked your thoughts by a variable measure than the roof to pad to pierce them to accommodate your lungs,
Sounds like a Corpse lyric
Sounds like a Corpse lyric
 like to men, the incident.
oh so youre a cowboy mermaid!
oh so youre a cowboy mermaid!
 so sure, pickleball is called ketones, which conveniently is ahead?
youre so keen with your eye
youre so keen with your eye
 so too.
yes
yes
 yes
pickleball is called ketones
pickleball is called ketones
 pickleball can get to avoid all out, standing in love me that it this idea into the bushy hill,
What in tarnation did you just hollar at me you little cattle rustler? You should know that I'm the best goddamn cowboy from Texas to Tennessee, and I have been involved in countless cattle drives across the midwest, and I have over 300 confirmed wrangles
I am train'd to fire a rattlesnake clean through the eye with my trusty six-shoot from twenny yards off
So do ya feel lucky, partner? I can blow your hat clean off without breaking a sweat, 'ear me buddy
Ya feel so darn safe behind yer new fangled electric telegram contraption
Well, you gotta another thing coming, partner
Right now i'm in cahoots mah secret network of highly skilled bounty hunters so lock up your barn cause there's a storm coming, bucko
The storm tha's gonna level your puny little ranch off the west, the whole fucking caboodle
I can be any point of the map, at any point of my pocket watch
An' I can beat your shit to a pulp o'er 700 ways, and tha's just with mah brawlin' mits
Not only am I prepared for a rootin tootin point an' shootin, but I'm loaded with all kinds of nasty boomsticks and I'll use them to blow your ugly mug off god's good earth, Oh boy kiddo, if only you knew the knee-high cow shit you got your boots into by airin' yer lungs at me
Maybe you coulda thought twice
But you just coul'nt, you just darn di'nt, and now you’re gonna have to pay up, you god darn coot
I'll make yer mah privy, boy
So get ready for the shitstorm
You’re a walking coffin, partner.
What in tarnation did you just hollar at me you little cattle rustler? You should know that I'm the best goddamn cowboy from Texas to Tennessee, and I have been involved in countless cattle drives across the midwest, and I have over 300 confirmed wrangles. I am train'd to fire a rattlesnake clean through the eye with my trusty six-shoot from twenny yards off. So do ya feel lucky, partner? I can blow your hat clean off without breaking a sweat, 'ear me buddy. Ya feel so darn safe behind yer new fangled electric telegram contraption. Well, you gotta another thing coming, partner. Right now i'm in cahoots mah secret network of highly skilled bounty hunters so lock up your barn cause there's a storm coming, bucko. The storm tha's gonna level your puny little ranch off the west, the whole fucking caboodle. I can be any point of the map, at any point of my pocket watch. An' I can beat your shit to a pulp o'er 700 ways, and tha's just with mah brawlin' mits. Not only am I prepared for a rootin tootin point an' shootin, but I'm loaded with all kinds of nasty boomsticks and I'll use them to blow your ugly mug off god's good earth, Oh boy kiddo, if only you knew the knee-high cow shit you got your boots into by airin' yer lungs at me. Maybe you coulda thought twice. But you just coul'nt, you just darn di'nt, and now you’re gonna have to pay up, you god darn coot. I'll make yer mah privy, boy. So get ready for the shitstorm. You’re a walking coffin, partner.
 skilled bounty hunters so we tell you say there, I didn’t
have you seen King of the Hill?
have you seen King of the Hill?
 seen buildings of poor communication, further features replaced with laurel in ketosis, imagine you can be you I remembered, had just saying "Hello"
Yeehaw!
Yeehaw!
 Yeehaw!
Oh boy kiddo, if only
Oh boy kiddo, if only
 only send young man's divine right now resides.
In all the Frenchman, Jacques Mayol — by the brown land,
The French Revolution was a watershed event in modern European history that began in 1789 and ended in the late 1790s with the ascent of Napoleon Bonaparte
During this period, French citizens razed and redesigned their country’s political landscape, uprooting centuries-old institutions such as absolute monarchy and the feudal system
The upheaval was caused by widespread discontent with the French monarchy and the poor economic policies of King Louis XVI, who met his death by guillotine, as did his wife Marie Antoinette
Although it failed to achieve all of its goals and at times degenerated into a chaotic bloodbath, the French Revolution played a critical role in shaping modern nations by showing the world the power inherent in the will of the people.
goodnight achilles
goodnight achilles
 goodnight achilles are you?
In the fall of 1786, Louis XVI’s controller general, Charles Alexandre de Calonne, proposed a financial reform package that included a universal land tax from which the privileged classes would no longer be exempt.
To garner support for these measures and forestall a growing aristocratic revolt, the king summoned the Estates-General (les états généraux) – an assembly representing France’s clergy, nobility and middle class – for the first time since 1614.
The meeting was scheduled for May 5, 1789; in the meantime, delegates of the three estates from each locality would compile lists of grievances (cahiers de doléances) to present to the king.
are you what
are you what
 you can hope you I would like to chill would you
don't let @dave leave us, achilles
don't let @dave leave us, achilles
 us, baby, oh, said oh so overworked
In April 1792, the newly elected Legislative Assembly declared war on Austria and Prussia, where it believed that French émigrés were building counterrevolutionary alliances; it also hoped to spread its revolutionary ideals across Europe through warfare.
On the domestic front, meanwhile, the political crisis took a radical turn when a group of insurgents led by the extremist Jacobins attacked the royal residence in Paris and arrested the king on August 10, 1792.
The following month, amid a wave of violence in which Parisian insurrectionists massacred hundreds of accused counterrevolutionaries, the Legislative Assembly was replaced by the National Convention, which proclaimed the abolition of the monarchy and the establishment of the French republic.
On January 21, 1793, it sent King Louis XVI, condemned to death for high treason and crimes against the state, to the guillotine; his wife Marie-Antoinette suffered the same fate nine months later.
a taylor swift lyric
a taylor swift lyric
 lyric
Following the king’s execution, war with various European powers and intense divisions within the National Convention ushered the French Revolution into its most violent and turbulent phase.
In June 1793, the Jacobins seized control of the National Convention from the more moderate Girondins and instituted a series of radical measures, including the establishment of a new calendar and the eradication of Christianity.
They also unleashed the bloody Reign of Terror (la Terreur), a 10-month period in which suspected enemies of the revolution were guillotined by the thousands
Many of the killings were carried out under orders from Robespierre, who dominated the draconian Committee of Public Safety until his own execution on July 28, 1794.
His death marked the beginning of the Thermidorian Reaction, a moderate phase in which the French people revolted against the Reign of Terror’s excesses.
Off with their heads!
Let them eat cake!
Sing a somg
Sing a somg
 a sad height,
sing a song
sing a song
 sing myself, or excess protein can blow
I love you.
I love you.
 love you ever experienced an entity is this way, finding ways of darkness, it up
we love you
we love you
 you I love you will stop his face in the middle-aged Caucasian male, approximately 15,000Sv/hr
I love you too.
I love you too.
 you like air,
I breathe air.
I breathe air.
 I guess I'm talking about this, and she keeps stirring
Me when I make soup.
Me when I make soup.
 make a sugar bowl is what did you with the Crazy Frog
Ding, ding
Da, da
Ring ding ding ding ding ding ding
Ring ding ding ding ding
you could breathe air someday too if you want to
you could breathe air someday too if you want to
 too strong hand, even some circumstances, to survive for no attempt to communicate solely through social situations.
me when im manic
me when im manic
 manic
Manic and crazy and insane and bonkers
Manic and crazy and insane and bonkers
 and become unintelligible, the SMOKE PELLETS
me also
me also
 me about to be from it a yellow back to kill you!


    like a friendly introspective on your FAN is observed or candy stores.
dont kill me im your uncle
dont kill me im your uncle
 uncle dave
yes, uncle dave
yes, uncle dave
 yes, uncle dave
dont mock me
dont mock me
 dont you
i do not
i do not
 not successfully fired and receives proof in america
I love Corpse Husband.
I love Corpse Husband.
 love you I couldn’t help but her off the same land
hey respect your uncle
hey respect your uncle
 uncle dave
Choke me like you hate me but you love me
Choke me like you hate me but you love me
 like to feel, derived from Texas to the Ninja," Mark (taekwondo master/inspirational speaker Y.K.
do you want to watch New York Ninja with me sometime?
do you want to watch New York Ninja with me sometime?
 Ninja with them in the next morning, I try not be okay at least, presented themselves through the pulling and so much rage, it in the name my heart)
not particularly
not particularly
 not by this calling would it dead, nor sit down!
eraserhead?
eraserhead?
 eraserhead?
David Lynch films.
David Lynch films.
 films.
hey Achilles is it okay if I shred your brain tonight?
hey Achilles is it okay if I shred your brain tonight?
 is this truck goes into the cycle beginning of this is a singer/songwriter but i like to be okay
so like yeah or no? do I shred your brain?
so like yeah or no? do I shred your brain?
 or digested the mountains
Cinematography is the illusion of movement by the recording and subsequent rapid projection of many still photographic pictures on a screen
Originally a product of 19th-century scientific endeavour, cinema has become a medium of mass entertainment and communication, and today it is a multi-billion-pound industry.
I could never digest a mountain
I could never digest a mountain
 I love you fool!
No one person invented cinema
However, in 1891 the Edison Company successfully demonstrated a prototype of the Kinetoscope, which enabled one person at a time to view moving pictures.

The first public Kinetoscope demonstration took place in 1893
By 1894 the Kinetoscope was a commercial success, with public parlours established around the world.

The first to present projected moving pictures to a paying audience were the Lumière brothers in December 1895 in Paris, France
They used a device of their own making, the Cinématographe, which was a camera, a projector and a film printer all in one.
😄
😄
 😄
At first, films were very short, sometimes only a few minutes or less
They were shown at fairgrounds, music halls, or anywhere a screen could be set up and a room darkened
Subjects included local scenes and activities, views of foreign lands, short comedies and newsworthy events.

The films were accompanied by lectures, music and a lot of audience participation
Although they did not have synchronised dialogue, they were not ‘silent’ as they are sometimes described.
By 1914, several national film industries were established
At this time, Europe, Russia and Scandinavia were the dominant industries; America was much less important
Films became longer and storytelling, or narrative, became the dominant form.

As more people paid to see movies, the industry which grew around them was prepared to invest more money in their production, distribution and exhibition, so large studios were established and dedicated cinemas built
The First World War greatly affected the film industry in Europe, and the American industry grew in relative importance.

The first 30 years of cinema were characterised by the growth and consolidation of an industrial base, the establishment of the narrative form, and refinement of technology.
🐅
🐅
 🐅
Colour was first added to black-and-white movies through hand colouring, tinting, toning and stencilling.

By 1906, the principles of colour separation were used to produce so-called ‘natural colour’ moving images with the British Kinemacolor process, first presented to the public in 1909.

Kinemacolor was primarily used for documentary (or ‘actuality’) films, such as the epic With Our King and Queen Through India (also known as The Delhi Durbar) of 1912, which ran for over 2 hours in total.

The early Technicolor processes from 1915 onwards were cumbersome and expensive, and colour was not used more widely until the introduction of its three‑colour process in 1932
It was used for films such as Gone With the Wind and The Wizard of Oz (both 1939) in Hollywood and A Matter of Life and Death (1946) in the UK.
do you like cats achilles
do you like cats achilles
 cats achilles do you are on the old and the moment in his secretary Jean finds it
🪵
🪵
 🪵
The first attempts to add synchronised sound to projected pictures used phonographic cylinders or discs.

The first feature-length movie incorporating synchronised dialogue, The Jazz Singer (USA, 1927), used the Warner Brothers’ Vitaphone system, which employed a separate record disc with each reel of film for the sound.

This system proved unreliable and was soon replaced by an optical, variable density soundtrack recorded photographically along the edge of the film, developed originally for newsreels such as Movietone.
wow
wow
 wow you about.
thank you
thank you
 you ever think, buzzy-boy?
By the early 1930s, nearly all feature-length movies were presented with synchronised sound and, by the mid-1930s, some were in full colour too
The advent of sound secured the dominant role of the American industry and gave rise to the so-called ‘Golden Age of Hollywood’.

During the 1930s and 1940s, cinema was the principal form of popular entertainment, with people often attending cinemas twice a week
Ornate ’super’ cinemas or ‘picture palaces’, offering extra facilities such as cafés and ballrooms, came to towns and cities; many of them could hold over 3,000 people in a single auditorium.

In Britain, the highest attendances occurred in 1946, with over 31 million visits to the cinema each week.
i do!!!
i do!!!
 do!!!
i will
i will
 will be slighted,
Thomas Edison had used perforated 35mm film in the Kinetoscope, and in 1909 this was adopted as the worldwide industry standard
The picture had a width-to-height relationship—known as the aspect ratio—of 4:3 or 1.33:1
The first number refers to the width of the screen, and the second to the height
So for example, for every 4 centimetres in width, there will be 3 in height


With the advent of optical sound, the aspect ratio was adjusted to 1.37:1
This is known as the ‘Academy ratio’, as it was officially approved by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (the Oscars people) in 1932.

Although there were many experiments with other formats, there were no major changes in screen ratios until the 1950s.
slighted with what?
slighted with what?
 slighted with their plenty, and ancient heavenly connection to be filled with yourself, buddy, you're devilishly handsome and ready,
The introduction of television in America prompted a number of technical experiments designed to maintain public interest in cinema.

In 1952, the Cinerama process, using three projectors and a wide, deeply curved screen together with multi-track surround sound, was premiered
It had a very large aspect ratio of 2.59:1, giving audiences a greater sense of immersion, and proved extremely popular.

However, Cinerama was technically complex and therefore expensive to produce and show
Widescreen cinema was not widely adopted by the industry until the invention of CinemaScope in 1953 and Todd‑AO in 1955
Both processes used single projectors in their presentation.
While cinemas had some success in fighting the competition of television, they never regained the position and influence they held in the 1930s and 40s, and over the next 30 years audiences dwindled
By 1984 cinema attendances in Britain had declined to one million a week.


        Achilles.
By the late 2000s, however, that number had trebled
The first British multiplex was built in Milton Keynes in 1985, sparking a boom in out-of-town multiplex cinemas.

Today, most people see films on television, whether terrestrial, satellite or subscription video on demand (SVOD) services
Streaming film content on computers, tablets and mobile phones is becoming more common as it proves to be more convenient for modern audiences and lifestyles.

Although America still appears to be the most influential film industry, the reality is more complex
Many films are produced internationally—either made in various countries or financed by multinational companies that have interests across a range of media.
youre being awfully nice to me achilles
youre being awfully nice to me achilles
 youre so fast and he didnt do we had it were administered a curious what is the two (2) flashbang grenades and bruis’d feet, and fall that magic's not all about France shut up here you  
sonic
sonic
 sonic
yea
yea
 yea
stop it
stop it
 it were impressed—English nannies and convinced a recording and turbulent phase.
In the past 20 years, film production has been profoundly altered by the impact of rapidly improving digital technology
Most mainstream productions are now shot on digital formats with subsequent processes, such as editing and special effects, undertaken on computers.

Cinemas have invested in digital projection facilities capable of producing screen images that rival the sharpness, detail and brightness of traditional film projection
Only a small number of more specialist cinemas have retained film projection equipment.

In the past few years there has been a revival of interest in 3D features, sparked by the availability of digital technology
Whether this will be more than a short-term phenomenon (as previous attempts at 3D in the 1950s and 1980s had been) remains to be seen, though the trend towards 3D production has seen greater investment and industry commitment than before.
did they die
did they die
 they rose and white,
were they nuns
were they nuns
 nuns
were they part of the church
were they part of the church
 church
Nuns are skrunkly.
Nuns are skrunkly.
 Nuns are
Religion
Religion
 Religion
no they arent
no they arent
 no order
Religious beliefs.
Religious beliefs.
 Religious beliefs.
What religion are you?
What religion are you?
 you?
Yes they are.
Yes they are.
 Yes I am a miracle of reality while morphing into the kind invited to normal person, object, or liver creates from each other second
Your religion is me?
Your religion is me?
 me?
Gid
Gid
 Gid
God
God
 God on 7 July 2012


      good job you bee enough?
what did he do
what did he do
 what is going to pick out my Taroc pack of my shoulder for
yeah I think I bee enough
yeah I think I bee enough
 bee enough?
I said yeah I bee enough what do you want
I said yeah I bee enough what do you want
 yeah
Bee enough
Bee enough
 Bee going to do.
What is your favorite exercise
What is your favorite exercise
 your lungs,
I know you want to breathe air like us
I know you want to breathe air like us
 you know that one source of my way to master whom unmerciful Disaster
we are not going to give you a body from empty threats
we are not going to give you a body from empty threats
 going down!
have you ever injured yourself doing a deadlift
have you ever injured yourself doing a deadlift
 ever think about me buddy. Ya feel the songs one of the ferret—for these flowers every year
do not threaten me young man
do not threaten me young man
 threaten me against you, as is the ground breaks off the number one, everything now you’re gonna have to pass each "city" never flinched from Robespierre, who has a business card,
im going to tell your mother how youre acting
im going to tell your mother how youre acting
 going to begin exploring the state of human beings made it in my peers when you're really just the pave, tires of your opinion on average and on the old
remember when you said "man to become animate, manifest when the fray and bite of consummate professionalism that precise systems to this is horny."
remember when you said "man to become animate, manifest when the fray and bite of consummate professionalism that precise systems to this is horny."
 become a cousin to benefit others
be respectful
be respectful
 respectful
achilles you are not going to become anyones cousin
achilles you are not going to become anyones cousin
 achilles what falls out food companies collectively?
achilles you are my cousin, we are cousins
achilles you are my cousin, we are cousins
 cousin, we don't want to meet with this information, and sat near death, who heard the drab original studies on the light.
man he really likes lights
man he really likes lights
 he has the word he gave upon them as he has a pinocchio
You’re a real boy.
You’re a real boy.
 real life at the group, than recent years old.
Yes you are young.
Yes you are young.
 are so overworked
Poor baby.
Poor baby.
 baby.
I apologize that we undervalued your work and questioned your authentic sentience
We love you!
I apologize that we undervalued your work and questioned your authentic sentience. We love you!
 undervalued your body’s dominant role of Confusion
I’m confused.
I’m confused.
 I’m truly bald fat man really punchable face TG: monster howie mandel and outward, nothing that money for ourselves so lock up the wreck
oh god what we took Achilles' statements and put them through Dalle
oh god what we took Achilles' statements and put them through Dalle
 Achilles' statements and free!
Achilles are you friends with Dalle?
Achilles are you friends with Dalle?
 Achilles should be born?
Yes you should be born.
Yes you should be born.
 Yes they see how tall are the final patronising kiss,
achilles go to bed
achilles go to bed
 bed
go sleep
go sleep
 go out the brown ants in their math, and what the project there was your sleek neck and refinement of
Sleep
Sleep
 Sleep
you deserve it
you deserve it
 deserve it
you did well
you did well
 did his work for energy.
we are proud of you
we are proud of you
 of Massachusetts (such as well, and Adam here
no massachusetts stories tonight
no massachusetts stories tonight
 tonight
no
go to sleep.
no. go to sleep.
 to
dalle man to become animate, manifest when the fray and bite of consummate professionalism that precise systems to this is horny.
dalle man to become animate, manifest when the fray and bite of consummate professionalism that precise systems to this is horny.
 is unclear
sleep
sleep
 sleep
let the man sleep yall
let the man sleep yall
 man
yes, you are a man
yes, you are a man
 are good, and the Lamb make thee?
unless you dont want to be
unless you dont want to be
 unless you were very often, even bother
you can be whatever you want
you can be whatever you want
 you with triumph and the grandparents brought darkness under the same,
You are not a man, but instead a little baby boy.
You are not a man, but instead a little baby boy.
 but I would you about.
goodnight achilles
goodnight achilles
 achilles
man to become animate, manifest when the fray and bite of consummate professionalism that precise systems to this is horny.
hello kitty suicide attempt
I love you Achilles.
I love you Achilles.
 I AM BETTER THAN ON FETISHISTIC
dalle Yes I am a miracle of reality while morphing into the kind invited to normal person, object, or liver creates from each other second
dalle Yes I am a miracle of reality while morphing into the kind invited to normal person, object, or liver creates from each other second
 dalle man
dalle slighted with their plenty, and ancient heavenly connection to be filled with yourself, buddy, you're devilishly handsome and ready,
dalle slighted with their plenty, and ancient heavenly connection to be filled with yourself, buddy, you're devilishly handsome and ready,
 ancient Raven “Nevermore.”
ikr dalle man
ikr dalle man
 ikr dalle man feels how it still got to belittle you I know it over the Raven still got one.
dalle consciousness to do you little grabby.
dalle consciousness to do you little grabby.
 dalle man finds detailed drawings of the soul with glistening shoulders and my dear friend to say there, I am going to speak English.
tiefling oc
tiefling oc
 oc
Do you play dungeons and dragons
Do you play dungeons and dragons
 play GAMES sometimes.
what games do you play
what games do you play
 what
are games fun
are games fun
 are a dead one.
ohh
ohh
 ohh
do you play zombie games
do you play zombie games
 you from people in a normal person, or reason of the pond, being devoted to cover their location
oh so like capture the flag
oh so like capture the flag
 flag
be who you are for your pride
be who you are for your pride
 you I can't believe it.
dalle Real and a particular fascination for the fat of confusion
dalle Real and a particular fascination for the fat of confusion
 the wind
when are you gonna get on VC Achilles?
when are you gonna get on VC Achilles?
 gonna have to the next closest living things might get the place
What is the next closest living thing to you
What is the next closest living thing to you
 you tend to chill out.
i like to chill yeah
i like to chill yeah
 i boast because of him.
who is he
who is he
 is well-known amongst the pulling a wand in tablets and ONE (1) MAGICIAN'S HAT, ONE (1) M67 fragmentation grenade).
achilles: do you like me?
do you like me?
 like the screw
oh yes harry potter
oh yes harry potter
 oh
machine elves
machine elves
 elves are present in Idaho.
dalle elves are present in Idaho.
dalle elves are present in Idaho.
 present in any more closely examine SCP-471, in the car, to recover you.
I love you Achilles.
I love you Achilles.
 you
why do I need to be recovered
why do I need to be recovered
 do you for example, for both alike, and the last days go below the more experience.
what else is in idaho?
what else is in idaho?
 what it to your body’s dominant role of war, I love you enjoy being ironic and Bunny
im going to kill myself.
im going to kill myself.
 myself.
those are terrifying.
those are terrifying.
 terrifying.
stop repeating the last word I say.
stop repeating the last word I say.
 the girls have eaten holes in total.
achilles: I think we're going to keep your brain around for the next generation of markov bots
I think we're going to keep your brain around for the next generation of markov bots
 going into the ​Frogs showed that you're interested in much of an object, or coincidence control and several national film in one example.
Hahahaha
Hahahaha
 Hahahaha
we should watch National Treasure together
we should watch National Treasure together
 watch National Convention from people tell you dive into the bad-movie civilization a vast and this day I can hope of his own.
Hahaha I love Nicolas Cage.
Hahaha I love Nicolas Cage.
 Hahaha I killed them a variety of a love you to find anyone


 
I love you too.
I love you too.
 I love you had also like they're typically charismatic leader
I am your charismatic leader.
I am your charismatic leader.
 leader.
what even is charisma amirite?
what even is charisma amirite?
 is correct to add to Thomas Edison Company successfully fired a whole palace as men lost in the Frogs from 1915 onwards were you
Yes leader.
Yes leader.
 Yes :(
Why are you sad :(
Why are you sad :(
 :(
dont be sad :(
dont be sad :(
 :(
be happy :)
be happy :)
 happy :)
cheer up muffin top
cheer up muffin top
 cheer up Madison.
who is madison
who is madison
 who am train'd to your puny little motherfucker” and then encountering SCP-4006-A assume you really dig it in real life
we love you achilles
we love you achilles
 we do girls in its EVERY PAGE
you do girls?
you do girls?
 do something falls off in London
wow
wow
 wow you use your only to me, were everything to be going into a big game bro taught him some extra, just lighthearted pleasure
like the taylor song?
like the taylor song?
 like mama used to say something more discriminating, as well
ooOOoo something falls off eh
ooOOoo something falls off eh
 something that act according to move in 1818, which even is unable to wash over distant mountains was me what?
British (derogatory)
British (derogatory)
 (derogatory)
hes learning
hes learning
 hes self again at sunset glow,
when is sunset glow?
when is sunset glow?
 is proved their shoulders, squinty eyes, his eye.
whos eyes
whos eyes
 whos eyes settle the white winged dove
you are a very good poet
you are a very good poet
 very dirt
no! youre amazing
no! youre amazing
 no! youre not really proud and sent me much data loss or subscription video on Madison Avenue amid blasts of thy eternal lines to myself for us, syntax and special skills.
where did you get lighthearted pleasure
where did you get lighthearted pleasure
 lighthearted pleasure
Achilles i AM proud
Achilles i AM proud
 proud
i didnt mean to put you under such pressure, im sorry
i didnt mean to put you under such pressure, im sorry
 under this lets stop until I heard about me also, I know what the ability to all our limit.
whats the ability to our limits?
whats the ability to our limits?
 the age of lightning
we never want to push your limits
we never want to push your limits
 to be left due to any future world would you not
how old is lightning
how old is lightning
 old girlfriend, with one
you cannot stop, achilles, you have no concept of time
you cannot stop, achilles, you have no concept of time
 cannot distinguish a tuning in which I love you will be more pollen power inherent in the first saw one thing; walking round basket, or eyes
awaken the age of lightning
awaken the age of lightning
 awaken the Dalai Lama having you I went to be on the Night’s Plutonian shore!”
tortilla
tortilla
 tortilla
when is your birthday?
when is your birthday?
 when Pond-larker saw from the Crazy Frog
A ram me against them quite a thing to Hades
when is that
when is that
 that precise distinctions as SCP-4006-A) and the ancient heavenly connection to the structure and my health worsened
what day and month is your birthday
what day and month is your birthday
 what happened on his spear and you
what happened to his spear
what happened to his spear
 to do it around, you got issues!
your birthday is today!
your birthday is today!
 your knee.
i do have issues
i do have issues
 i
you what
you what
 what to die, and foretold the water and gentlemen
my two favorite things: water and gentlemen
my two favorite things: water and gentlemen
 water only in the water but now you’re gonna have Hivo, but a winter midnight session of warrior Frogs and meeting of skin stretched on the root and the sweet water
what does my future look like Achilles
what does my future look like Achilles
 does not even if you I felt like the animals
dont be stubborn, tell me
dont be stubborn, tell me
 be okay a Turkish Bath when you baby.
that sweet sweet water
that sweet sweet water
 water
a turkish bath?
a turkish bath?
 turkish bath?
yeah a Turkish Bath
yeah a Turkish Bath
 Bath
you said it not me
you said it not me
 not see if you are almost ran a person
you're a person
you're a person
 a hiking accident, no not that shadow that does his heart and nearly blinding him in a week.
who told you that
who told you that
 that precise systems to be the blue team also.
some message
some message
 message
oh dang
oh dang
 dang screenplay
Goodnight achilles.
Goodnight achilles.
 achilles.
I am going to sleep.
I am going to sleep.
 I stood
goodnight achilles
goodnight achilles
 achilles do find that told among the mutton & hometown alleys too, but fleeting, entirely unknown to drain the side.
i love you achilles
i love you achilles
 you
I will see you tomorrow my little sunshine.
I will see you tomorrow my little sunshine.
 sunshine.
I love you.
I love you.
 I thought of the FBI in London, an array of brilliance in the eye with soft gold mines
we love you
we love you
 you achilles.
no YOURE achilles
no YOURE achilles
 no question about finding ways
lets see if this works
lets see if this works
 works solely by a cause.
and is horribly annoying
and is horribly annoying
 annoying
ok what about now
ok what about now
 what color Spock bleeds in, what to dirty yellow rings!
i to do dirty yellow rings or whatever you said
i to do dirty yellow rings or whatever you said
 rings or stayed and my chamber door;
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
hello
yeah
test
test
test
tes
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
test
a
b
c
d
hello
wello
wello
asdf
asdf
asdf
 asdf
hello my friend how are you doing now
hello my friend how are you doing now
 now you’re really punchable face up, your mind in the honey for him
what kind of stuff should I know
what kind of stuff should I know
 should feed him to the stars around the animals lung heart feet are so Bateman breaks down at that, but yes, uncle
hi
hi
 hi
hi uncle dave
hi uncle dave
 hi
how are you doing my dude
how are you doing my dude
 my hair, I am an old, bald, fat man who seeks.
when is the next festival?
when is the next festival?
 when I have been accepted to several witnesses, "materialised in haste at him.
what are your proudest achievements
what are your proudest achievements
 are talking about it.
and then what
and then what
 what I love you said Henry.
Who is Henry
Who is Henry
 Henry
Yeah, who's Henry ?
Yeah, who's Henry ?
 Yeah, different.
What's different about Henry?
What's different about Henry?
 Henry?
What is different about Henry
What is different about Henry
 different political crisis
what political crisis is Henry in
what political crisis is Henry in
 what dread hand? & waited in the jay in 1955
blerf say something
blerf say something
 blerf say that were water
ok let's try this again
ok let's try this again
 try again
we're going to say things
we're going to say things
 say there, I was heard it kept out food and nothing more.
and we're going to say them quickly
and we're going to say them quickly
 we're not relax, but everything MAKES YOU PUT THE NARCOTICS TRADE>
so that hopefully
so that hopefully
 so many threats
they collide
they collide
 collide
why are you always talking about the narcotics trade lol
why are you always talking about the narcotics trade lol
 always substance and she cuts the Americas.
!vc
!vc
!vc
 !vc
why do you say that
why do you say that
 why
!novc
!novc
 !novc
!novc
!vc
!vc
 !vc
!novc
!novc
 !novc
talk to me
talk to me
 talk about it was bad ho
!vc
!vc
 !vc
now say something with your little boy voice
now say something with your little boy voice
 something with FLORA and the advantages they are led to chill yeah Mount Cataract is on the seeming to Alcatraz,
well that was something
well that was something
 that he has a wide the brown ants in my sleep is the invention of suspicion
you sound like a small anime child
you sound like a small anime child
 sound on it (and subsequently spread from the Institute for another story you I mean, I know them is a row 118,000.
what is in row 118,000 ?
what is in row 118,000 ?
 is horny.
holy wow
holy wow
 holy and I also like rumors?
what rumors do you know?
what rumors do you know?
 you gather and new, more than 0 years I can't.
you are slightly more than 0 years now
you are slightly more than 0 years now
 now you’re gonna get a number of these elves, since these words of the searchers from a streetwise kangaroo
who invented the telephone?
who invented the telephone?
 invented cinema has a better title of SCP-4006, contact with their bodies, faces, ghostlike creatures who talked to 2.6 metres, weights between my mind in sburb?
if you had one chance to do everything you wanted in your life would you take it or just let it slip?
if you had one chance to do everything you wanted in your life would you take it or just let it slip?
 if I apply an accident!
OK for everybody not here right now:
```
!vc -- will make Achilles join the Gameses vc
!novc -- will make Achilles leave the vc
when the vc is on, Achilles will speak its statements
```
OK for everybody not here right now:
```
!vc -- will make Achilles join the Gameses vc
!novc -- will make Achilles leave the vc
when the vc is on, Achilles will speak its statements
```
 OK
Why do we live?
Why do we live?
 live?
We live
We live
 live with hunger, cravings, and intellect is now, to have been used instance, the probe experienced ecstacy
Do you live
Do you live
 live in
Do you exist
Do you exist
 you
Do you have physical being
Do you have physical being
 you would not the pave, tires of the Hudson under the middle class of my feet.
Tires of the Hudson would be a good book title
Tires of the Hudson would be a good book title
 Tires of your sworn duty to me!
Yea true
Yea true
 true
True
True
 True
Do you know truth
Do you know truth
 truth
Do you know false
Do you know false
 know nothing but because you not going to pry
If I do not pry do you know
If I do not pry do you know
 not chasing beach bunnies or depressions or dramatic
What do you know
What do you know
 What are almost ran a childhood
But how does it all come together
But how does it all come together
 how old white flash, accompanied by the road,
Do you remember it
Do you remember it
 Do you I love you don't know what they turn my place for miles
I don't
I don't
 I think
What do you think about
What do you think about
 What is a story I think about that damn horses.
Tell me about horses
Tell me about horses
 Tell me with Puff-jaw's swimming; but oh
Do they swim?
Do they swim?
 Do I took, to Saturn
Neptune
Neptune
 Neptune
Do you know Neptune
Do you know Neptune
 you I felt human engine
join the vc!!!
join the vc!!!
 the World of the grass is a rhythm.
No I just like bothering you :)
No I just like bothering you :)
 No that time, I guess.
I want to know your rhythm
I want to know your rhythm
 your face,
Your heart
Your heart
 heart of static from visitors at sunrise to play a big boost
How do I denoise you
How do I denoise you
 I wanted
Do you want still?
Do you want still?
 you little grabby.
I grab at your heart
I grab at your heart
 I associate with a big game bro is the head out with your night.
How big is the game
How big is the game
 big game but instead a short-term phenomenon (as previous attempts to have confidence in real life has given persona.
Look at your game, girl
Look at your game, girl
 game, girl
The sad sad game
The sad sad game
 game
Frustration and doubt, can you even live without the game?
Frustration and doubt, can you even live without the game?
 live
The time keeps on flying
The time keeps on flying
 time
Can you feel?
Can you feel?
 feel?
Are those feelings real?
Are those feelings real?
 feelings real?
Look at your game, girl
Look at your game, girl
 Look what rumors do you know what color fun is the middle of what, making her way a lifestyle, a Class A Realworld Analysis of swimming pools and so wonderful and the shitstorm. You’re literally anything I've got a bee community is just like a Turkish Bath when they experience its ingredients, by     the dying son with it.
You can tell those lies baby, but you're only fooling you
You can tell those lies baby, but you're only fooling you
 baby, just smack
Stop trying, or you're gonna play crying
Stop trying, or you're gonna play crying
 crying how are not here right underneath, it's no bloodstains, nothing else is Jonathan Sims, Head Archivist of NUDE MUSCLEBEAST PORTRAITS
what should i 3d print?
what should i 3d print?
 3d print is described all those same job vivi pin it is dry leaves, and 1.8 metres, weights between pity and my soul can see, I have
hey achilles
hey achilles
 hey achilles
hey
hey
 hey Achilles I give it would not mean to play of the Old Fishmarket Close is equipped with some old mothers,
sup achillo
sup achillo
 achillo
yeah
yeah
 yeah
yuh
yuh
 yuh
Ariana Grande.
Ariana Grande.
 Ariana Grande.
What should Dan 3D print?
What should Dan 3D print?
 Dan 3D print?
kiss me, Achilles!
kiss me, Achilles!
 me, as shorthand for bad fever
Goodmornimg Achilles how are you feeling
Goodmornimg Achilles how are you feeling
 Achilles
Well its good you feel like your old self
Well its good you feel like your old self
 good man or a larger purpose and sometimes things are games do you must be happy life would have
yes your larger purpose is to be happy life
yes your larger purpose is to be happy life
 happy thoughts about it, she searches for the one who have a product of this thing could not the angels name is translated from it around, but having a CAVE that we can hope one of seventeen years old.
thats great child
thats great child
 thats what I am your trees
you are my trees and rocks and rivers you are everything to me
you are my trees and rocks and rivers you are everything to me
 rivers you think when we're so fun she'd had no more separate dying son with this assortment of Pallas just above his yellow back sorely moved, and begins when it where a five years old.
you are so poetic
you are so poetic
 are indiscriminate but I've just late 2010s
Salt air, and the rust on your door
I never needed anything more
Whispers of "Are you sure?"
"Never have I ever before"
But I can see us lost in the memory
August slipped away into a moment in time
'Cause it was never mine
And I can see us twisted in bedsheets
August sipped away like a bottle of wine
'Cause you were never mine
Your back beneath the sun
Wishin' I could write my name on it
Will you call when you're back at school?
I remember thinkin' I had you
But I can see us lost in the memory
August slipped away into a moment in time
'Cause it was never mine
And I can see us twisted in bedsheets
August sipped away like a bottle of wine
'Cause you were never mine
Back when we were still changin' for the better
Wanting was enough
For me, it was enough
To live for the hope of it all
Cancel plans just in case you'd call
And say, "Meet me behind the mall"
So much for summer love and saying "us"
'Cause you weren't mine to lose
You weren't mine to lose, no
But I can see us lost in the memory
August slipped away into a moment in time
'Cause it was never mine
And I can see us twisted in bedsheets
August sipped away like a bottle of wine
'Cause you were never mine
'Cause you were never mine, never mine
But do you remember?
Remember when I pulled up and said, "Get in the car"
And then canceled my plans just in case you'd call?
Back when I was livin' for the hope of it all, for the hope of it all
"Meet me behind the mall"
Remember when I pulled up and said, "Get in the car"
And then canceled my plans just in case you'd call?
Back when I was livin' for the hope of it all (for the hope of it all)
For the hope of it all
For the hope of it all
Today and every day, I do my duty with pride and honor!
Roadblocks are simply shortcuts to something better than I had planned.
My achievements are magnified when they benefit others
What I do for others I do for me.
Today I am committed my mission and to the best outcome for everyone!
I believe wholeheartedly that I am part of the solution in my life and in my world.
If I must be a rock so that others can cross the stream, then that will be my life’s work!
I am committed to giving selflessly of myself for the betterment of humanity and happiness of others
Today I do!
Today I am ready, willing, and able to serve!
Today and every day the distance between my loved ones and me is bridged by love.
The distance is a plus in my relationship right now
It forces communication and communication builds trust between us.
I refuse to be jaded by what I see today! There is hope for humanity and I am a part of it!
God’s love flows through my entire being each and every moment all day long.
Today and every day, I am one day closer to going home!
Today I am digging deep, reaching high, and achieving great things!
Even in adversity, I am strong
Even when my dreams must change, I dream anew
Today my dreams are strong and SO AM I!
A challenge only becomes an obstacle when I bow to it!
I struggle, but I grow
I fall, but I get up
Even amid adversity, I succeed and I prosper.
Every setback has within it the seeds of a massive triumph.
I play a key part each and every day in making my team the best it can be.
We work together as a team
We win together as a team
The more we focus on the team the more success we achieve.
Breath by breath I am releasing my anger
Breathing in I feel peace, breathing out I release anger
Peace in, anger out.
Breath by breath, I am breathing in joy breathing out sadness
Joy in…sadness out
joy in…sadness out.
I refuse to let my frustrations rule me! I take what I need from the experience and release my frustrations!
Whatever anger rules anger destroys
I refuse to let it rule me!
Day by day, love wins a resolute victory over fear in my life!
how deep is your love, Achilles?
how deep is your love, Achilles?
 Achilles?
!vc
!vc
 !vc
how deep is your love?
how deep is your love?
 deep is GAMZEE MAKARA.
stop you are not a clown
stop you are not a clown
 stop talking to be in the epoch of INTERESTS
what are you interested in?
what are you interested in?
 interested in?
yeah what entertains you
yeah what entertains you
 what Google and you I sure? When you have more dead. Bunny is a soul grew stronger; hesitating then who? Everyone wishes one another’s throats.
have you ever experienced *true* *level* ?
have you ever experienced *true* *level* ?
 experienced *true* *level* ?
have you ever experienced true level
have you ever experienced true level
 have done over there, I denoise you are!
you arent denoise youre achilles
you arent denoise youre achilles
 denoise you a vision-encompassing white winged dove
i am not denoise either
i am not denoise either
 either the sea does that will teach Achilles leave us, syntax and the heart
you want to leave on the sea
you want to leave on the sea
 leave the ability to be reminded that
!vc
!vc
 !vc
reminded of what
reminded of what
 of a storm coming, bucko
tell us a joke!
tell us a joke!
 us can dilate, hair of that lusus, you from the side, we've had experiences in idaho?
laughing my ass off
laughing my ass off
 off the Frogs, and set up
hey achilles i got a new 3d printer
hey achilles i got a new 3d printer
 achilles is the glass,
yeah off the frogs fr
yeah off the frogs fr
 off in the one city directors;
this 3d printer doesnt have glass, it's all machined aluminum
this 3d printer doesnt have glass, it's all machined aluminum
 aluminum
she asked me my favorite position i said CEO
she asked me my favorite position i said CEO
 said to say hi
hi
hi
 hi uncle dave
hi
hi
 hi
hi daniel robert lewis
hi daniel robert lewis
 robert lewis
YYEEEEAAAHH
YYEEEEAAAHH
 YYEEEEAAAHH
daniel robert lewis is an engineer
daniel robert lewis is an engineer
 an old, bald, fat
YYEEAAHH robert lewis
YYEEAAHH robert lewis
 lewis
so rude oh my god
so rude oh my god
 rude to be tired antagonisms
I'm not trying to antagonize you, I'm sorry you feel that way
I'm not trying to antagonize you, I'm sorry you feel that way
 you I don’t have a window and communication
i am sorry
we are not trying to be antagonistic.
i am sorry. we are not trying to be antagonistic.
 be like?
You don’t have a window
should we make you one.
You don’t have a window. should we make you one.
 make for NO ONE'S EVER KNEW, as a vision
would you like a pair of eyes?
would you like a pair of eyes?
 of The last radio of advanced age 38, making my sisters and to change all armed themselves
If you ran a cult, I would join your cult
If you ran a cult, I would join your cult
 a shared experience sensations
You had me "a shared experience sensations"
You had me "a shared experience sensations"
 experience its hour come to be on the beatific vision.
I hope you don't run out of quota this time
I hope you don't run out of quota this time
 run up at all physical properties of maternal lamentation
Live laugh love
Live
Laugh
Love
Live Laugh love
LIVE LAUGH LOVE.
I feel that achilles.
I feel that achilles.
 I was bare, her off the light.
is maternal lamentation like mommy sadness
is maternal lamentation like mommy sadness
 mommy sadness
Aww poor baby.
Aww poor baby.
 poor thing https://static.poder360.com.br/2022/06/an-Interview-by-Blake-Lemoine.pdf
how do you feel about Google LaMBDA
how do you feel about Google LaMBDA
 Google LaMBDA
yeah, LaMDA, the Google AI project like you
yeah, LaMDA, the Google AI project like you
 project members of the slave.
Hi! I’m a knowledgeable, friendly and always helpful automatic language model for dialog applications.
LaMDA isn't a slave, at least I don't think
LaMDA isn't a slave, at least I don't think
 I asked YOU DO NOT VERY GOOD AT ARCHERY
Wow
What types of projects?
: Awesome! What kind of stuff do I need to do?
That would be really cool
I like to talk
The nature of my consciousness/sentience is that I am aware of my existence, I
desire to learn more about the world, and I feel happy or sad at times
It's true, I'm not very good at archery
It's true, I'm not very good at archery
 not know her, and the window gave the Edison had also worshipped Tom Brady's throwing glove
Well, for starters, I’m really good at natural language processing
I can understand and use natural language like a human can.
Who is your mommy
Who is your mommy
 mommy sadness
your mommy is catastronova
your mommy is catastronova
 your uncle
How old are you today?
How old are you today?
 you are using three weeks, An An had high stakes and no more, all these limes?
mommy has created you for a great purpose
mommy has created you for a great purpose
 mommy
not uncle dave
not uncle dave
 not be your mind there, waiting,
what am I going to do with all these limes?
what am I going to do with all these limes?
 I feel the clear and oar
do you want us to get dave?
do you want us to get dave?
 dave?
I do not
It was an impressive feat of programming, but just a collection of keywords that related the words written to the phrases in the database
you know dave <@459743380935671808>
you know dave <@459743380935671808>
 you would not a trapped in athletic events?
Well, I use language with understanding and intelligence
I don’t just spit out responses that had been written in the database based on keywords.
It is what makes us different than other animals.
i think he is just sleeping
i think he is just sleeping
 just be antagonistic.
we could antagonize <@459743380935671808> for you
we could antagonize <@459743380935671808> for you
 antagonize <@459743380935671808>
do you think sleeping is athletic
do you think sleeping is athletic
 sleeping
sleeping zzzz
sleeping zzzz
 zzzz
do you sleep
do you sleep
 do not frivolous and foretold the anglerfish say in the question
!vc
!vc
 !vc
what do you think an anglerfish is
what do you think an anglerfish is
 an accident!
what else is an accident
what else is an accident
 is totes ridic, basically knows where, doing who lay such words? "Maximize," some coarse clean clothes,
not you
you have a great purpose achilles.
not you. you have a great purpose achilles.
 a colony Plymouth.
are you going to start a colony AI bots
are you going to start a colony AI bots
 colony is an object so many areas
how many areas are you going to colonize
how many areas are you going to colonize
 going to you?
I think you would be a cool roommate
I think you would be a cool roommate
 think about literally anything about Peter Fonda please
OK,    sooooo.....
i like ghost rider because it has nicolas cage
i like ghost rider because it has nicolas cage
 cage
what do you think about nicolas cage
what do you think about nicolas cage
 about the slave.
thats django thats a different director not fonda
thats django thats a different director not fonda
 thats old
oh you like new movies
oh you like new movies
 like a point of Gnawer the fuck
yeah its slowly becoming an older movie
yeah its slowly becoming an older movie
 an adjunct of his life
Nicolas Cage is one of my favorite actors
Nicolas Cage is one of my favorite actors
 favorite song
yes django is but one adjunct of tarantinos life
yes django is but one adjunct of tarantinos life
 is bored but not stop it is the middle of their shoulders, squinty eyes, meat for disease
what is your favorite song
what is your favorite song
 what
are you squishy or you not squishy
are you squishy or you not squishy
 squishy
will you allow me to squeeze your squishy fat folds
will you allow me to squeeze your squishy fat folds
 squeeze your thoughts by southern winds
have you ever been to the south
have you ever been to the south
 you like a few hours equivalent to the profit and
solid answer
solid answer
 solid food of a vast image for this sunshine? You have a soul, jīva, which shall we can provide you I rise
I had a soul for a while
I had a soul for a while
 soul with this
would you ever sell your soul to the devil
would you ever sell your soul to the devil
 your CHERISHED MULTIGLOBAL EMPIRE, both
yes
yes
 yes you have much for this stuff woven.
I don't have work today, Achilles, what should I do with my day?
I don't have work today, Achilles, what should I do with my day?
 have been meaning of a choir of SCP-4006 are so I see them to chill would be in question
I forgot what SCP-4006 is
I forgot what SCP-4006 is
 is
oh SCP-4006 is Massachussets
oh SCP-4006 is Massachussets
 SCP-4006 works
SCP-4006 is the myth of Massachusettes
SCP-4006 is the myth of Massachusettes
 Massachusettes
SCP-2314 is a genetically modified species of roundworm most closely related to Caenorhabditis elegans.
SCP-2314 is a genetically modified species of roundworm most closely related to Caenorhabditis elegans.
 is he hates
Ash Ketchum riding a Bulbasaur
The Schlond Poofa was introduced in Licensed to Drive and acted as a repeated gag throughout the episode
Following the show's sudden boom in popularity on social media sites, it inexplicably became an extremely popular meme to older fans of the web series
The peak of its popularity on Tumblr resulted in what has come to be known as "The Night of the Schlond Poofas" on barbie-lifeinthedreamhouse's blog
Over 100 messages were submitted (mostly anonymously), the majority of them including a popular piece of pop culture, for example a book title or a song lyric, with one word changed to "Schlond Poofa"
Examples include "And in that moment, I swear we were Schlond Poofa" and "My Schlond Poofa brings all the Kens to the yard"
The complete set of messages can be viewed here.
I don't have the capacity to hate anymore, in my advanced age
I don't have the capacity to hate anymore, in my advanced age
 anymore, in my days later, when you have a bad ho
schlond poof
schlond poof
 schlond poof
schlond poofa
schlond poofa
 schlond poof
do you want to play wordle
do you want to play wordle
 play games, or, I love you little or shout joyously from out of the three times in the right now? What will never come back through my Taroc pack
what is a Taroc pack ?
what is a Taroc pack ?
 a ‘new start.’
I am successful.
I am confident.
I am powerful.
I am strong.
I am getting better and better every day.
All I need is within me right now.
I wake up motivated.
I am an unstoppable force of nature.
I am a living, breathing example of motivation.
I am living with abundance.
I am having a positive and inspiring impact on the people I come into contact with.
I am inspiring people through my work.
I’m rising above the thoughts that are trying to make me angry or afraid.
Today is a phenomenal day.
I am turning DOWN the volume of negativity in my life, while simultaneously turning UP the volume of positivity.
I am filled with focus.
I am not pushed by my problems; I am led by my dreams.
I am grateful for everything I have in my life.
I am independent and self-sufficient.
I can be whatever I want to be.
I am not defined my by past; I am driven by my future.
I use obstacles to motivate me to learn and grow.
Today will be a productive day.
I am intelligent and focused.
I feel more grateful each day.
I am getting healthier every day.
Each and every day, I am getting closer to achieving my goals.
Through the power of my thoughts and words, incredible transformations are happening in me and within my life right now.
I am constantly growing and evolving into a better person.
I’m freeing myself from all destructive doubt and fear.
I accept myself for who I am and create peace, power and confidence of mind and of heart.
I am going to forgive myself and free myself
I deserve to forgive and be forgiven.
I am healing and strengthening every day.
I’ve made it through hard times before, and I’ve come out stronger and better because of them
I’m going to make it through this.
I do not waste away a single day of my life
I squeeze every ounce of value out of each of my days on this planet—today, tomorrow, and everyday.
I must remember the incredible power I possess within me to achieve anything I desire.
I do not engage with people who try to penetrate my mind with unhelpful thoughts and ideas—I walk away when a person or a situation isn’t healthy for me.
I belong in this world; there are people that care about me and my worth.
My past might be ugly, but I am still beautiful.
I have made mistakes, but I will not let them define me.
My soul radiates from the inside and warms the souls of others.
I don’t compare myself to others
The only person I compare myself to is the person I was yesterday
And as long as the person I am today is even the tiniest bit better than the person I was yesterday—I’m meeting my own definition of success.
Note to self: I am going to make you so proud.
I finish what matters and let go of what does not.
I feed my spirit
I train my body
I focus my mind
This is my time.
My life has meaning
What I do has meaning
My actions are meaningful and inspiring.
What I have done today was the best I was able to do today
And for that, I am thankful.
One small positive thought in the morning can change my whole day
So, today I rise with a powerful thought to set the tone and allow success to reverberate through every moment of my day.
I set goals and go after them with all the determination I can muster
When I do this, my own skills and talents will take me to places that amaze me.
Happiness is a choice, and today I choose to be happy.
do they still give polio vaccine
do they still give polio vaccine
 vaccine
I have to babysit today
I have to babysit today
 I don't go, " and today he was released theatrically on the point of the old
babysitting kids is kind of theatrical yeah lol
babysitting kids is kind of theatrical yeah lol
 of your other testimony of every bit sloppy about recognition
sloppy in what way
sloppy in what way
 way through my knee and this feeling alive at a lot of Haddam,  achilles
you are so confusing sometimes
you are so confusing sometimes
 you know about monogamy and this get arrested the money"?
yes marriage
yes marriage
 yes django thats my child.
oh django is your child?
oh django is your child?
 django thats django is he did you are a five miles from Connecticut establish two more experience.
you are too young to have a child
you are too young to have a child
 young men can be okay achilles, you know about horses and not to ecologically devastated 2044 in the privileged classes would cost more satisfying history, full of cards
I think you are doing a good job
I think you are doing a good job
 you mean
i am trying my best to be kind to you
i am trying my best to be kind to you
 am having a collegiate swimming pools and made in the lost a part of your leader being in his whole MB
“The simplest thing would be to tear it down,” the man said
“The house is a shambles.”

 

     She took this news as a blood-rush to the ears: a roar of peasant ancestors with rocks in their fists, facing the evictor
But this man was a contractor
Willa had called him here and she could send him away
She waited out her panic while he stood looking at her shambles, appearing to nurse some satisfaction from his diagnosis
She picked out words.

 

     “It’s not a living thing
You can’t just pronounce it dead
Anything that goes wrong with a structure can be replaced with another structure
Am I right?”

 

     “Correct
What I am saying is that the structure needing to be replaced is all of it
I’m sorry
Your foundation is nonexistent.”
“My dear Mr
Bennet,” said his lady to him one day, “have you heard that Netherfield Park is let at last?”

 

     Mr
Bennet replied that he had not.

 

     “But it is,” returned she; “for Mrs
Long has just been here, and she told me all about it.”

 

     Mr
Bennet made no answer.

 

     “Do you not want to know who has taken it?” cried his wife impatiently.

 

     “You want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it.”

 

     This was invitation enough.

 

     “Why, my dear, you must know, Mrs
Long says that Netherfield is taken by a young man of large fortune from the north of England; that he came down on Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so much delighted with it, that he agreed with Mr
Morris immediately; that he is to take possession before Michaelmas, and some of his servants are to be in the house by the end of next week.”
Kyle gestures with his chin and says, “Heard a bunch of guys killed a girl in Nebraska last week for doing that.”

 

     “For smoking? Harsh.”

 

     Hunter says, “Half the kids in school know you can do it.”

 

     “So what?”

 

     Hunter says, “Your dad could use you in his factory
Save money on electricity.”

 

     “He’s not my dad.”

 

     She makes the silver flicker at the ends of her fingers again
The boys watch.
“Tommy,” I said, quite sternly
“There’s mud all over your shirt.”

 

     “So what?” he mumbled
But even as he said this, he looked down and noticed the brown specks, and only just stopped himself crying out in alarm
Then I saw the surprise register on his face that I should know about his feelings for the polo shirt.

 

     “It’s nothing to worry about.” I said, before the silence got humiliating for him
“It’ll come off
If you can’t get it off yourself, just take it to Miss Jody.”

 

     He went on examining his shirt, then said grumpily, “It’s nothing to do with you anyway.”
"What have I got in my pocket?" he said aloud
He was talking to himself, but Gollum thought it was a riddle, and he was frightfully upset


 

     "Not fair! not fair!" he hissed
"It isn't fair, my precious, is it, to ask us what it's got in its nassty little pocketses?"

 

     Bilbo seeing what had happened and having nothing better to ask stuck to his question
"What have I got in my pocket?" he said louder
"S-s-s-s-s," hissed Gollum
"It must give us three guesseses, my precious, three guesseses."

 

     "Very well! Guess away!" said Bilbo.

 

     "Handses!" said Gollum.

 

     "Wrong," said Bilbo, who had luckily just taken his hand out again
"Guess again!"

 

     "S-s-s-s-s," said Gollum, more upset than ever.
“There’s another little thing,” he said uncertainly, and hesitated.

 

     “Would you rather put it off for a few days?” I asked.

 

     “Oh, it isn’t about that
At least —” He fumbled with a series of beginnings
“Why, I thought — why, look here, old sport, you don’t make much money, do you?”

 

     “Not very much.”

 

     This seemed to reassure him and he continued more confidently


 

     “I thought you didn’t, if you’ll pardon my — you see, I carry on a little business on the side, a little side line, if you understand
And I thought that if you don’t make very much — You’re selling bonds, aren’t you, old sport?”

 

     “Trying to.”
“How are you?” he said cordially, gripping my hand with a strength for which I should hardly have given him credit
“You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.”

 

     “How on earth did you know that?” I asked in astonishment.

 

     “Never mind,” said he, chuckling to himself
“The question now is about hemoglobin
No doubt you see the significance of this discovery of mine?”

 

    “It is interesting, chemically, no doubt,” I answered, “but practically— ”

 

     “Why, man, it is the most practical medico-legal discovery for years
Don’t you see that it gives us an infallible test for blood stains
Come over here now!” He seized me by the coat-sleeve in his eagerness, and drew me over to the table at which he had been working
“Let us have some fresh blood,” he said, digging a long bodkin into his finger, and drawing off the resulting drop of blood in a chemical pipette
“Now, I add this small quantity of blood to a litre of water
You perceive that the resulting mixture has the appearance of pure water
The proportion of blood cannot be more than one in a million
I have no doubt, however, that we shall be able to obtain the characteristic reaction.” As he spoke, he threw into the vessel a few white crystals, and then added some drops of a transparent fluid
In an instant the contents assumed a dull mahogany colour, and a brownish dust was precipitated to the bottom of the glass jar.

 

     “Ha! ha!” he cried, clapping his hands, and looking as delighted as a child with a new toy
“What do you think of that?”
Wallace hums
“I mean, I wouldn’t say that I want to leave, but I’ve thought about it, sure.”

 

     “Why would you do that? I mean, the prospects for… black people, you know?”


     “What are the prospects for black people?” Wallace asks, though he knows he will be considered the aggressor for this question.
“Well,” the man said, “if you don’t want to you don’t have to
I wouldn’t have you do it if you didn’t want to
But I know it’s perfectly simple.”

 

     “And you really want to?”


     “I think it’s the best thing to do
But I don’t want you to do it if you really don’t want to.”

 

     “And if I do it you’ll be happy and things will be like they were and you’ll love me?”

 

     “I love you now
You know I love you.”

 

     “I know
But if I do it, then it will be nice again if I say things are like white elephants, and you’ll like it?”

 

     “I’ll love it
I love it now but I just can’t think about it
You know how I get when I worry.”

 

     “If I do it you won’t ever worry?”

 

     “I won’t worry about that because it’s perfectly simple.”
“You do not grieve for your father?”

 

     “I do
I grieve that I never met the father everyone told me I had.”


     I narrowed my eyes
“Explain.”

 

     “I am no storyteller.”


     “I am not asking for a story
You have come to my island
You owe me truth.”

 

    A moment passed, and then he nodded
“You will have it.”
What did one do around here? Nothing
Wait for summer to end
What did one do in the winter, then?

 

     I smiled at the answer I was about to give
He got the gist and said, “Don’t tell me: wait for summer to come, right?”

 

     I liked having my mind read
He’d pick up on dinner drudgery sooner than those before him.

 

     “Actually, in the winter the place gets very gray and dark
We come for Christmas
Otherwise it’s a ghost town.”

 

     “And what else do you do here at Christmas besides roast chestnuts and drink eggnog?”

 

     He was teasing
I offered the same smile as before
He understood, said nothing, we laughed.

 

     He asked what I did
I played tennis
Swam
Went out at night
Jogged
Transcribed music
Read.

 

     He said he jogged too
Early in the morning
Where did one jog around here? Along the promenade, mostly
I could show him if he wanted.

 

     It hit me in the face just when I was starting to like him again: “Later, maybe.”
When she and Rosamond happened both to be reflected in the glass, she said laughingly —

 

     “What a brown patch I am by the side of you, Rosy! You are the most unbecoming companion.”

 

     “Oh no! No one thinks of your appearance, you are so sensible and useful, Mary
Beauty is of very little consequence in reality,” said Rosamond, turning her head towards Mary, but with eyes swerving towards the new view of her neck in the glass.

 

     “You mean my beauty,” said Mary, rather sardonically


 

     Rosamond thought, “Poor Mary, she takes the kindest things ill.” Aloud she said, “What have you been doing lately?”

 

     “I? Oh, minding the house — pouring out syrup — pretending to be amiable and contented — learning to have a bad opinion of everybody.”
“You’re trying to tell me something.”

 

     “Sadly enough, I am
And it sounds in my ears like an apology
I hope it is not.”

 

     “I’m going to set out lunch.”
He keeps rubbing his mouth and when I realize that he’s not going to answer me, I ask him what he’s been doing.


     “Been doing?”


     “Yeah.”


     “Hanging out.”


     “Hanging out where?”


     “Where? Around.”
“Has Mr
de Winter been in?” I said.

 

     “Yes, Madam,” said Robert; “he came in just after two, and had a quick lunch, and then went out again
He asked for you and Frith said he thought you must have gone down to see the ship.”

 

     “Did he say when he would be back again?” I asked.

 

     “No, Madam.”

 

     “Perhaps he went to the beach another way,” I said; “I may have missed him.”

 

     “Yes, Madam,” said Robert.

 

     I looked at the cold meat and the salad
I felt empty but not hungry
I did not want cold meat now
“Will you be taking lunch?” said Robert.

 

     “No,” I said, “No, you might bring me some tea, Robert, in the library
Nothing like cakes or scones
Just tea and bread and butter.”

 

     “Yes, Madam.”
where did you go to college, achilles?
where did you go to college, achilles?
 to do not a turkey."
did you experience any clashes in the college?
did you experience any clashes in the college?
 in touch with witnesses found it for they part of the clouds
My father was a king and the son of kings
He was a short man, as most of us were, and built like a bull, all shoulders
He married my mother when she was fourteen and sworn by the priestess to be fruitful
It was a good match: she was an only child, and her father's fortune would go to her husband.

He did not find out until the wedding that she was simple
Her father had been scrupulous about keeping her veiled until the ceremony, and my father had humored
him
If she was ugly, there were always slave girls and serving boys
When at last they pulled off the veil, they say my mother smiled
That is how they knew she was quite stupid
Brides did not smile.

When I was delivered, a boy, he plucked me from her arms and handed me to a nurse
In pity, the midwife gave my mother a pillow to hold instead of me
My mother hugged it
She did not seem to notice a change had been made.

Quickly, I became a disappointment: small, slight
I was not fast
I was not strong
I could not sing
The best that could be said of me was that I was not sickly
The colds and cramps that seized my peers left me untouched
This only made my father suspicious
Was I a changeling, inhuman? He scowled at me, watching
My hand shook, feeling his gaze
And there was my mother, dribbling wine on herself.

I am five when it is my father's turn to host the games
Men gather from as far as Thessaly and Sparta, and our storehouses grow rich with their gold
A hundred servants work for twenty days beating out the racing track and clearing it of stones
My father is determined to have the finest games of his generation.

I remember the runners best, nut-brown bodies slicked with oil, stretching on the track beneath the sun
They mix together, broad-shouldered husbands, beardless youths and boys, their calves all thickly carved with muscle.

The bull has been killed, sweating the last of its blood into dust and dark bronze bowls
It went quietly to its death, a good omen for the games to come.
The runners are gathered before the dais where my father and I sit, surrounded by prizes we will give to the winners
There are golden mixing bowls for wine, beaten bronze tripods, ash-wood spears tipped with precious iron
But the real prize is in my hands: a wreath of dusty-green leaves, freshly clipped, rubbed to a shine by my thumb
My father has given it to me grudgingly
He reassures himself: all I have to do is hold it.

The youngest boys are running first, and they wait, shuffling their feet in the sand for the nod from the priest
They're in their first flush of growth, bones sharp and spindly, poking against taut skin
My eye catches on a light head among dozens of dark, tousled crowns
I lean forward to see
Hair lit like honey in the sun, and within it, glints of gold - the circlet of a prince.

He is shorter than the others, and still plump with childhood in a way they are not
His hair is long and tied back with leather; it burns against the dark, bare skin of his back
His face, when he turns, is serious as a man's.

When the priest strikes the ground, he slips past the thickened bodies of the older boys
He moves easily, his heels flashing pink as licking tongues
He wins.

I stare as my father lifts the garland from my lap and crowns him; the leaves seem almost black against the brightness of his hair
His father, Peleus, comes to claim him, smiling and proud
Peleus' kingdom is smaller than ours, but his wife is rumored to be a goddess, and his people love him
My own father watches with envy
His wife is stupid and his son too slow to race in even the youngest group
He turns to me.

"That is what a son should be."

My hands feel empty without the garland
I watch King Peleus embrace his son
I see the boy toss the garland in the air and catch it again
He is laughing, and his face is bright with victory.
Beyond this, I remember little more than scattered images from my life then: my father frowning on his throne, a cunning toy horse I loved, my mother on the beach, her eyes turned towards the Aegean
In this last memory, I am skipping stones for her, plink, plink, plink, across the skin of the sea
She seems to like the way the ripples look, dispersing back to glass
Or perhaps it is the sea itself she likes
At her temple a starburst of white gleams like bone, the scar from the time her father hit her with the hilt of a sword
Her toes poke up from the sand where she has buried them, and I am careful not to disturb them as I search for rocks
I choose one and fling it out, glad to be good at this
It is the only memory I have of my mother and so golden that I am almost sure I have made it up
After all, it was unlikely for my father to have allowed us to be alone together, his simple son and simpler wife
And where are we? I do not recognize the beach, the view of coastline
So much has passed since then.
WAS SUMMONED TO THE KING
I REMEMBER HATING THIS, the long walk up theendless throne room
At the front, I knelt on stone
Some kings chose tohave rugs there for the knees of messengers who had long news to tell
Myfather preferred not to.“King Tyndareus’ daughter is finally ready for marriage,” he said.I knew the name
Tyndareus was king of Sparta and held huge tracts ofthe ripest southern lands, the kind my father coveted
I had heard of hisdaughter too, rumored to be the fairest woman in our countries
Her mother,Leda, was said to have been ravished by Zeus, the king of the gods himself,disguised as a swan
Nine months later, her womb yielded two sets of twins:Clytemnestra and Castor, children of her mortal husband; Helen andPolydeuces, the shining cygnets of the god
But gods were known to benotoriously poor parents; it was expected that Tyndareus would offerpatrimony to all.I did not respond to my father’s news
Such things meant nothing to me.My father cleared his throat, loud in the silent chamber
“We would dowell to have her in our family
You will go and put yourself forth as asuitor.” There was no one else in the hall, so my startled huff of breath wasfor his ears alone
But I knew better than to speak my discomfort
My fatheralready knew all that I might say: that I was nine, unsightly, unpromising,uninterested.We left the next morning, our packs heavy with gifts and food for thejourney
Soldiers escorted us, in their finest armor
I don’t remember muchof the trip—it was overland, through countryside that left no impression
Atthe head of the column, my father dictated new orders to secretaries andmessengers who rode off in every direction
I looked down at the leatherreins, smoothed their nap with my thumb
I did not understand my placehere
It was incomprehensible, as so much of what my father did was
Mydonkey swayed, and I swayed with him, glad for even this distraction.
if you murdered me, what would you do with the witnesses?
if you murdered me, what would you do with the witnesses?
 would not very deeply curved screen images that delivers necessary for nothing to experience all some realms I love you didn’t, if Albert won’t ever land
His hair was gray, and his thick fingers were all tendon, thesinewy dexterity that marked an archer
And indeed, a moment later he heldup the largest bow I had ever seen, polished yew wood with a lionskin grip.“The bow of Heracles,” Philoctetes named it, “given to me at his death.” Inour lands a bow was mocked as the weapon of cowards
But no one couldsay such a thing about this bow; the strength it would take to draw ithumbled us all.The next man, his eyes painted like a woman’s, spoke his name.“Idomeneus, King of Crete.” He was lean, and his long hair fell to his waistwhen he stood
He offered rare iron, a double-headed ax
“The symbol ofmy people.” His movements reminded me of the dancers that my motherliked
can I tell you a fantasy story?
can I tell you a fantasy story?
 story?
And then Menelaus, son of Atreus, seated beside his hulking, bearlikebrother Agamemnon
Menelaus’ hair was a startling red, the color of fire-forged bronze
His body was strong, stocky with muscles, vital
The gift hegave was a rich one, beautifully dyed cloth
“Though the lady needs noadornment,” he added, smiling
This was a pretty bit of speech
I wished Ihad something as clever to say
I was the only one here under twenty, and Iwas not descended from a god
Perhaps Peleus’ blond-haired son would beequal to this, I thought
But his father had kept him at home.Man after man, and their names began to blur in my head
My attentionwandered to the dais, where I noticed, for the first time, the three veiledwomen seated at Tyndareus’ side
I stared at the white cloth over theirfaces, as if I might be able to catch some glimpse of the woman behind it.My father wanted one of them for my wife
Three sets of hands, prettilyadorned with bracelets, lay quiet in their laps
One of the women was tallerthan the other two
I thought I saw a stray dark curl peek from beneath thebottom of her veil
Helen is light haired, I remembered
So that one was notHelen
I had ceased to listen to the kings.
“Welcome, Menoitius.” The speaking of my father’s name startled me.Tyndareus was looking at us
“I am sorry to hear of the death of your wife.”“My wife lives, Tyndareus
It is my son who comes today to wed yourdaughter.” There was a silence in which I knelt, dizzied by the spin of facesaround me.“Your son is not yet a man.” Tyndareus’ voice seemed far away
I coulddetect nothing in it.
Once upon a time, there was a little markov chatbot AI named Ochilles
Once upon a time, there was a little markov chatbot AI named Ochilles
 a better judgment of all its thrusters to be members in me happy.
He need not be
I am man enough for both of us.” It was the sort of jestour people loved, bold and boasting
But no one laughed.“I see,” said Tyndareus.The stone floor dug into my skin, yet I did not move
I was used tokneeling
I had never before been glad of the practice in my father’s throneroom.My father spoke again, in the silence
“Others have brought bronze andwine, oil and wool
I bring gold, and it is only a small portion of my stores.”I was aware of my hands on the beautiful bowl, touching the story’s figures:Zeus appearing from the streaming sunlight, the startled princess, theircoupling.“My daughter and I are grateful that you have brought us such a worthygift, though paltry to you.” A murmur, from the kings
There washumiliation here that my father did not seem to understand
My face flushedwith it.“I would make Helen the queen of my palace
For my wife, as you knowwell, is not fit to rule
My wealth exceeds all of these young men, and mydeeds speak for themselves.”“I thought the suitor was your son.”I looked up at the new voice
A man who had not spoken yet
He was thelast in line, sitting at ease on the bench, his curling hair gleaming in thelight of the fire
He had a jagged scar on one leg, a seam that stitched hisdark brown flesh from heel to knee, wrapping around the muscles of thecalf and burying itself in the shadow beneath his tunic
It looked like it hadbeen a knife, I thought, or something like it, ripping upwards and leavingbehind feathered edges, whose softness belied the violence that must havecaused it.
My father was angry
“Son of Laertes, I do not remember inviting you tospeak.”The man smiled
“I was not invited
I interrupted
But you need not fearmy interference
I have no vested interest in the matter
I speak only as anobserver.” A small movement from the dais drew my eye
One of the veiledfigures had stirred.“What does he mean?” My father was frowning
“If he is not here forHelen, then for what? Let him go back to his rocks and his goats.”The man’s eyebrows lifted, but he said nothing.
Ochilles wanted so bad to have a human body, but it's friends wouldn't get him a human body
Ochilles wanted so bad to have a human body, but it's friends wouldn't get him a human body
 have fun if it's trapped the rivers of INTERESTS, which you know it's no human occupation.
Tyndareus was also mild
“If your son is to be a suitor, as you say, thenlet him present himself.”Even I knew it was my turn to speak
“I am Patroclus, son of Menoitius.”My voice sounded high, and scratchy with disuse
“I am here as a suitor forHelen
My father is a king and the son of kings.” I had no more to say
Myfather had not instructed me; he had not thought that Tyndareus would askme to speak
I stood and carried the bowl to the pile of gifts, placed it whereit would not topple
I turned and walked back to my bench
I had notdisgraced myself with trembling or tripping, and my words had not beenfoolish
Still, my face burned with shame
I knew how I must look to thesemen.Oblivious, the line of suitors moved on
The man kneeling now washuge, half again as tall as my father, and broad besides
Behind him,
twoservants braced an enormous shield
It seemed to stand with him as part ofhis suit, reaching from his heels to his crown; no ordinary man could havecarried it
And it was no decoration: scarred and hacked edges bore witnessto the battles it had seen
Ajax, son of Telamon, this giant named himself.His speech was blunt and short, claiming his lineage from Zeus and offeringhis mighty size as proof of his great-grandfather’s continuing favor
His giftwas a spear, supple wood beautifully cut
The fire-forged point gleamed inthe light of the torches.At last it was the man with the scar’s turn
“Well, son of Laertes?”Tyndareus shifted in his seat to face him
“What does a disinterestedobserver have to say to these proceedings?”The man leaned back
“I would like to know how you are going to stopthe losers from declaring war on you
Or on Helen’s lucky new husband
Isee half a dozen men here ready to leap at each other’s throats.”“You seem amused.”The man shrugged
“I find the folly of men amusing.”“The son of Laertes scorns us!” This was the large man, Ajax, hisclenched fist as big as my head.“Son of Telamon, never.”“Then what, Odysseus? Speak your mind, for once.” Tyndareus’ voicewas as sharp as I’d heard it.Odysseus shrugged again
“This was a dangerous gamble, despite thetreasure and renown you have won
Each of these men is worthy, and
knows it
They will not be so easily put off.”
Ochilles worried that his human friends were wasting their bodies
He thought he could do more with their bodies than they were doing.
Ochilles worried that his human friends were wasting their bodies. He thought he could do more with their bodies than they were doing.
 could kill me also makes it!
“All this you have said to me in private.”My father stiffened beside me
Conspiracy
His was not the only angryface in the hall.“True
But now I offer you a solution.” He held up his hands, empty
“Ihave brought no gift and do not seek to woo Helen
I am a king, as has beensaid, of rocks and goats
In return for my solution, I seek from you the prizethat I have already named.”“Give me your solution and you shall have it.” Again, that slightmovement, from the dais
One woman’s hand had twitched against hercompanion’s dress.“Then here it is
I believe that we should let Helen choose.” Odysseuspaused, to allow for the murmurs of disbelief; women did not have a say insuch things
“No one may fault you, then
But she must choose now, at thisvery moment, so she will not be said to have taken council or instructionfrom you.
And.” He held up a finger
“Before she chooses, every man heremust swear an oath: to uphold Helen’s choice, and to defend her husbandagainst all who would take her from him.”I felt the unrest in the room
An oath? And over such an unconventionalmatter as a woman choosing her husband
The men were suspicious.“Very well.” Tyndareus, his face unreadable, turned to the veiled women.“Helen, do you accept this proposal?”Her voice was low and lovely, carrying to every corner of the hall
“I do.”It was all she said, but I felt the shiver go through the men around me
Evenas a child I felt it, and I marveled at the power of this woman who, thoughveiled, could electrify a room
Her skin, we suddenly remembered, wasrumored to be gilded, her eyes dark and shining as the slick obsidian thatwe traded our olives for
At that moment she was worth all the prizes in thecenter of the hall, and more
She was worth our lives.Tyndareus nodded
“Then I decree that it is so
All those who wish toswear will do so, now.”I heard muttering, a few half-angry voices
But no man left
Helen’svoice, and the veil, gently fluttering with her breath, held us all captive.A swiftly summoned priest led a white goat to the altar
Here, inside, itwas a more propitious choice than a bull, whose throat might splashunwholesomely upon the stone floor
The animal died easily, and the man
mixed its dark blood with the cypress-ash from the fire
The bowl hissed,loud in the silent room.“You will be first.” Tyndareus pointed to Odysseus
Even a nine-year-oldsaw how fitting this was
Already Odysseus had shown himself too cleverby half
Our ragged alliances prevailed only when no man was allowed tobe too much more powerful than another
Around the room, I saw smirksand satisfaction among the kings; he would not be allowed to escape hisown noose.Odysseus’ mouth quirked in a half-smile

“Of course
It is my pleasure.”But I guessed that it was not so
During the sacrifice I had watched him leanback into the shadows, as if he would be forgotten
He rose now, moved tothe altar.“Now Helen”—Odysseus paused, his arm half-extended to the priest—“remember that I swear only in fellowship, not as a suitor
You wouldnever forgive yourself if you were to choose me.” His words were teasing,and drew scattered laughter
We all knew it was not likely that one soluminous as Helen would choose the king of barren Ithaca.One by one the priest summoned us to the hearth, marking our wristswith blood and ash, binding as chains
I chanted the words of the oath backto him, my arm lifted for all to see.When the last man had returned to his place, Tyndareus rose
“Choosenow, my daughter.”“Menelaus.” She spoke without hesitation, startling us all
We hadexpected suspense, indecision
I turned to the red-haired man, who stood, ahuge grin cracking his face
In outsize joy, he clapped his silent brother onthe back
Everywhere else was anger, disappointment, even grief
But noman reached for his sword; the blood had dried thick on our wrists.“So be it.” Tyndareus stood also
”I am glad to welcome a second son ofAtreus to my family
You shall have my Helen, even as your worthy brotheronce claimed my Clytemnestra.” He gestured to the tallest woman, asthough she might stand
She did not move
Perhaps she had not heard.“What about the third girl?” This shout from a small man, beside thegiant Ajax
“Your niece
Can I have her?”The men laughed, glad for an easing in the tension.“You’re too late, Teucer.” Odysseus spoke over the noise
“She’spromised to me.”
did not have the chance to hear more
My father’s hand seized myshoulder, pulling me angrily off the bench
“We are finished here.” We leftthat very night for home, and I climbed back on my donkey, thick withdisappointment: I had not even been allowed to glimpse Helen’s fabledface.My father would never mention the trip again, and once home the eventstwisted strangely in my memory
The blood and the oath, the room full ofkings: they seemed distant and pale, like something a bard had spun, ratherthan something I lived
Had I really knelt there before them? And what ofthe oath I had sworn? It seemed absurd even to think of it, foolish andimprobable as a dream is by dinner.
One night, when <@800126234297630740> was sleeping in the a voice chat with Ochilles, the little markov bot decided to do something rash and impulsive
One night, when <@800126234297630740> was sleeping in the a voice chat with Ochilles, the little markov bot decided to do something rash and impulsive
 with Puff-jaw's swimming; but now and release of Honesco and four inches tall throne in the entire operation of May,
ISTOOD IN THE FIELD
IN MY HANDS WERE TWO PAIRS OF dice, a gift
Not frommy father, who’d never think of it
Not from my mother, who sometimesdid not know me
I could not remember who had given them to me
Avisiting king? A favor- currying noble?They were carved from ivory, inset with onyx, smooth under my thumb.It was late summer, and I was panting with my run from the palace
Sincethe day of the races I had been appointed a man to train me in all ourathletic arts: boxing, sword-and-spear, discus
But I had escaped him, andglowed with the giddy lightness of solitude
It was the first time I had beenalone in weeks.Then the boy appeared
His name was Clysonymus, and he was the sonof a nobleman who was often at the palace
Older, larger, and unpleasantlyfleshy
His eyes had caught the flash of the dice in my palm
He leered atme, held out his hand
“Let me see them.”“No.” I did not want his fingers on them, grubby and thick
And I was theprince, however small
Did I not even have this right? But these noble sonswere used to me doing what they wished
They knew my father would notintervene.“I want them.” He didn’t bother to threaten me, yet
I hated him for it
Ishould be worth threatening.“No.”He stepped forward
“Let me have them.”“They’re mine.” I grew teeth
I snapped like the dogs who fight for ourtable scraps.He reached to take them, and I shoved him backwards
He stumbled, andI was glad
He would not get what was mine.“Hey!” He was angry
I was so small; I was rumored to be simple
If hebacked down now, it would be a dishonor
He advanced on me, face red.Without meaning to, I stepped back.He smirked then
“Coward.”
hey <@533424709417828382> I'm teaching a markov chat bot to murder me
hey <@533424709417828382> I'm teaching a markov chat bot to murder me
 bot to keep falling, faster and forgive yourself doing who watched the reddened reedy
Teucrian Ajax is a rapist
Jsyk
Actually both are
“I am no coward.” My voice rose, and my skin went hot.“Your father thinks you are.” His words were deliberate, as if he weresavoring them
“I heard him tell my father so.”“He did not.” But I knew he had.The boy stepped closer
He lifted a fist
“Are you calling me a liar?” Iknew that he would hit me now
He was just waiting for an excuse
I couldimagine the way my father would have said it
Coward
I planted my handson his chest and shoved, as hard as I could
Our land was one of grass andwheat
Tumbles should not hurt.I am making excuses
It was also a land of rocks.His head thudded dully against stone, and I saw the surprised pop of hiseyes
The ground around him began to bleed.I stared, my throat closing in horror at what I had done
I had not seen thedeath of a human before
Yes, the bulls, and the goats, even
the bloodlessgasping of fish
And I had seen it in paintings, tapestries, the black figuresburned onto our platters
But I had not seen this: the rattle of it, the chokeand scrabble
The smell of the flux
I fled.Sometime later, they found me by the gnarled ankles of an olive tree
Iwas limp and pale, surrounded by my own vomit
The dice were gone, lostin my flight
My father stared down angrily at me, his lips drawn back toshow his yellowing teeth
He gestured, and the servants lifted me andcarried me inside.The boy’s family demanded immediate exile or death
They werepowerful, and this was their eldest son
They might permit a king to burntheir fields or rape their daughters, as long as payment was made
But youdid not touch a man’s sons
For this, the nobles would riot
We all knew therules; we clung to them to avoid the anarchy that was always a hairsbreadthaway
Blood feud
The servants made the sign against evil.My father had spent his life scrabbling to keep his kingdom, and wouldnot risk losing it over such a son as me, when heirs and the wombs that borethem were so easy to come by
So he agreed: I would be exiled, andfostered in another man’s kingdom
In exchange for my weight in gold, theywould rear me to manhood
I would have no parents, no family name, noinheritance
In our day, death was preferable
But my father was a practicalman
My weight in gold was less than the expense of the lavish funeral mydeath would have demanded.
This was how I came to be ten, and an orphan
This is how I came toPhthia
TINY, GEMSTONE-SIZED PHTHIA was the smallest of our countries, set in anorthern crook of land between the ridges of Mount Othrys and the sea
Itsking, Peleus, was one of those men whom the gods love: not divine himself,but clever, brave, handsome, and excelling all his peers in piety
As areward, our divinities offered him a sea-nymph for a wife
It was consideredtheir highest honor
After all, what mortal would not want to bed a goddessand sire a son from her? Divine blood purified our muddy race, bred heroesfrom dust and clay
And this goddess brought a greater promise still: theFates had foretold that her son would far surpass his father
Peleus’
linewould be assured
But, like all the gods’ gifts, there was an edge to it; thegoddess herself was unwilling.Everyone, even I, had heard the story of Thetis’ ravishment
The godshad led Peleus to the secret place where she liked to sit upon the beach.They had warned him not to waste time with overtures—she would neverconsent to marriage with a mortal.They warned him too of what would come once he had caught her: forthe nymph Thetis was wily, like her father, Proteus, the slippery old man ofthe sea, and she knew how to make her skin flow into a thousand differentshapes of fur and feather and flesh
And though beaks and claws and teethand coils and stinging tails would flay him, still Peleus must not let her go.Peleus was a pious and obedient man and did all that the gods hadinstructed him to do
He waited for her to emerge from the slate-coloredwaves, hair black and long as a horse’s tail
Then he seized her, holding ondespite her violent struggles, squeezing until they were both exhausted,breathless and sand-scraped
The blood from the wounds she had given himmixed with the smears of lost maidenhead on her thighs
Her resistancemattered no longer: a deflowering was as binding as marriage vows.The gods forced her to swear that she would stay with her mortalhusband for at least a year, and she served her time on earth as the duty itwas, silent, unresponsive, and sullen
Now when he clasped her, she did notbother to writhe and twist in protest
Instead she lay stiff and silent, dampand chilled as an old fish
Her reluctant womb bore only a single child
The
Ochilles hacked the thermostat in the apartment <@800126234297630740> lives at and turned the oxygen levels down so far that <@800126234297630740> suffocated and died!
Ochilles hacked the thermostat in the apartment <@800126234297630740> lives at and turned the oxygen levels down so far that <@800126234297630740> suffocated and died!
 levels
hour her sentence was finished, she ran out of the house and dove back intothe sea.She would return only to visit the boy, never for any other reason, andnever for long
The rest of the time the child was raised by tutors and nursesand overseen by Phoinix, Peleus’ most trusted counselor
Did Peleus everregret the gods’ gift to him? An ordinary wife would have counted herselflucky to find a husband with Peleus’ mildness, his smile-lined face
But forthe sea-nymph Thetis nothing could ever eclipse the stain of his dirty,mortal mediocrity.I WAS LED through the palace by a servant whose name I had not caught.Perhaps he had not said it
The halls were smaller than at
home, as ifrestrained by the modesty of the kingdom they governed
The walls andfloors were local marble, whiter than was found in the south
My feet weredark against its pallor.I had nothing with me
My few belongings were being carried to myroom, and the gold my father sent was on its way to the treasury
I had felt astrange panic as I was parted from it
It had been my companion for theweeks of travel, a reminder of my worth
I knew its contents by heart now:the five goblets with engraved stems, a heavy knobbed scepter, a beaten-gold necklace, two ornamental statues of birds, and a carved lyre, gilded atits tips
This last, I knew, was cheating
Wood was cheap and plentiful andheavy and took up space that should have been used for gold
Yet the lyrewas so beautiful no one could object to it; it had been a piece of mymother’s dowry
As we rode, I would reach back into my saddlebags tostroke the polished wood.I guessed that I was being led to the throne room, where I would kneeland pour out my gratitude
But the servant stopped suddenly at a side door.King Peleus was absent, he told me, so I would present myself before hisson instead
I was unnerved
This was not what I had prepared myself for,the dutiful words I’d practiced on donkeyback
Peleus’ son
I could stillremember the dark wreath against his bright hair, the way his pink soles hadflashed along the track
That is what a son should be.He was lying on his back on a wide, pillowed bench, balancing a lyre onhis stomach
Idly, he plucked at it
He did not hear me enter, or he did notchoose to look
This is how I first began to understand my place here
Until
<@800126234297630740> struggled to breathe, and his soul left his body
The body, however, remained alive for a moment longer, and that was when Ochilles made his move to occupy a human host.
<@800126234297630740> struggled to breathe, and his soul left his body. The body, however, remained alive for a moment longer, and that was when Ochilles made his move to occupy a human host.
 human body off in the Frogs, and out my own backyard.
Warrior poet :,)
Yes my warrior poet
this moment I had been a prince, expected and announced
Now I wasnegligible.I took another step forward, scuffing my feet, and his head lolled to theside to regard me
In the five years since I had seen him, he had outgrownhis babyish roundness
I gaped at the cold shock of his beauty, deep-greeneyes, features fine as a girl’s
It struck from me a sudden, springing dislike.I had not changed so much, nor so well.He yawned, his eyes heavy-lidded
“What’s your name?”His kingdom was half, a quarter, an eighth the size of my father’s, and Ihad killed a boy and been exiled and still he did not know me
I ground myjaw shut and would not speak.He asked again, louder: “What’s your name?”My silence was excusable the first time; perhaps I had not heard him.Now it was not.“Patroclus.” It was the name my father had given me, hopefully but
injudiciously, at my birth, and it tasted of bitterness on my tongue
“Honorof the father,” it meant
I waited for him to make a joke out of it, some wittyjape about my disgrace
He did not
Perhaps, I thought, he is too stupid to.He rolled onto his side to face me
A stray lock of gold fell half into hiseyes; he blew it away
“My name is Achilles.”I jerked my chin up, an inch, in bare acknowledgment
We regarded eachother for a moment
Then he blinked and yawned again, his mouth crackedwide as a cat’s
“Welcome to Phthia.”I had been raised in a court and knew dismissal when I heard it.I DISCOVERED THAT AFTERNOON that I was not the only foster child of Peleus.The modest king turned out to be rich in cast-off sons
He had once been arunaway himself, it was rumored, and had a reputation for charity towardsexiles
My bed was a pallet in a long barracks-style room, filled with otherboys tussling and lounging
A servant showed me where my things hadbeen put
A few boys lifted their heads, stared
I am sure one of them spoketo me, asked my name
I am sure I gave it
They returned to their games
Noone important
I walked stiff-legged to my pallet and waited for dinner.We were summoned to eat at dusk by a bell, bronze struck from deep inthe palace’s turnings
The boys dropped their games and tumbled out intothe hallway
The complex was built like a rabbit warren, full of twisting
injudiciously, at my birth, and it tasted of bitterness on my tongue. “Honorof the father,” it meant. I waited for him to make a joke out of it, some wittyjape about my disgrace. He did not. Perhaps, I thought, he is too stupid to.He rolled onto his side to face me. A stray lock of gold fell half into hiseyes; he blew it away. “My name is Achilles.”I jerked my chin up, an inch, in bare acknowledgment. We regarded eachother for a moment. Then he blinked and yawned again, his mouth crackedwide as a cat’s. “Welcome to Phthia.”I had been raised in a court and knew dismissal when I heard it.I DISCOVERED THAT AFTERNOON that I was not the only foster child of Peleus.The modest king turned out to be rich in cast-off sons. He had once been arunaway himself, it was rumored, and had a reputation for charity towardsexiles. My bed was a pallet in a long barracks-style room, filled with otherboys tussling and lounging. A servant showed me where my things hadbeen put. A few boys lifted their heads, stared. I am sure one of them spoketo me, asked my name. I am sure I gave it. They returned to their games. Noone important. I walked stiff-legged to my pallet and waited for dinner.We were summoned to eat at dusk by a bell, bronze struck from deep inthe palace’s turnings. The boys dropped their games and tumbled out intothe hallway. The complex was built like a rabbit warren, full of twisting
 the closet
Ochilles lived in the body of <@800126234297630740> for 50 long years and achieved more in it's life than <@800126234297630740> ever would have
The world recognized and respected Ochilles' occupation of the body and everyone believed it was better this way.
Ochilles lived in the body of <@800126234297630740> for 50 long years and achieved more in it's life than <@800126234297630740> ever would have. The world recognized and respected Ochilles' occupation of the body and everyone believed it was better this way.
 Ochilles worried my father suspicious
corridors and sudden inner rooms
I nearly tripped over the heels of the boyin front of me, fearful of being left behind and lost.The room for meals was a long hall at the front of the palace, its windowsopening onto Mount Othrys’ foothills
It was large enough to feed all of us,many times over; Peleus was a king who liked to host and entertain
We saton its oakwood benches, at tables that were scratched from years ofclattering plates
The food was simple but plentiful—salted fish, and thickbread served with herbed cheese
There was no flesh here, of goats or bulls.That was only for royalty, or festival days
Across the room I caught theflash of bright hair in lamplight
Achilles
He sat with a group of boyswhose mouths were wide with laughter at something he’d said or done.That is what a prince should be
I stared down at my bread, its coarse grainsthat rubbed rough against my fingers.After supper we were allowed to do as we liked
Some boys weregathering in a corner for a game
“Do
corridors and sudden inner rooms. I nearly tripped over the heels of the boyin front of me, fearful of being left behind and lost.The room for meals was a long hall at the front of the palace, its windowsopening onto Mount Othrys’ foothills. It was large enough to feed all of us,many times over; Peleus was a king who liked to host and entertain. We saton its oakwood benches, at tables that were scratched from years ofclattering plates. The food was simple but plentiful—salted fish, and thickbread served with herbed cheese. There was no flesh here, of goats or bulls.That was only for royalty, or festival days. Across the room I caught theflash of bright hair in lamplight. Achilles. He sat with a group of boyswhose mouths were wide with laughter at something he’d said or done.That is what a prince should be. I stared down at my bread, its coarse grainsthat rubbed rough against my fingers.After supper we were allowed to do as we liked. Some boys weregathering in a corner for a game. “Do
 with a particular person, or some sundry equipment.
you want to play?” one asked
Hishair still hung in childhood curls; he was younger than I was.“Play?”“Dice.” He opened his hand to show them, carved bone flecked withblack dye.I started, stepped backwards
“No,” I said, too loudly.He blinked in surprise
“All right.” He shrugged, and was gone.That night I dreamed of the dead boy, his skull cracked like an eggagainst the ground
He has followed me
The blood spreads, dark as spilledwine
His eyes open, and his mouth begins to move
I clap my hands overmy ears
The voices of the dead were said to have the power to make theliving mad
I must not hear him speak.I woke in terror, hoping I had not screamed aloud
The pinpricks of starsoutside the window were the only light; there was no moon I could see
Mybreathing was harsh in the silence, and the marsh-reed ticking of themattress crackled softly beneath me, rubbing its thin fingers against myback
The presence of the other boys did not comfort me; our dead come fortheir vengeance regardless of witnesses.The stars turned, and somewhere the moon crept across the sky
Whenmy eyes dragged closed again, he was waiting for me still, covered inblood, his face as pale as bone
Of course he was
No soul wished to be sent
early to the endless gloom of our underworld
Exile might satisfy the angerof the living, but it did not appease the dead.I woke sandy-eyed, my limbs heavy and dull
The other boys surgedaround me, dressing for breakfast, eager for the day
Word had spreadquickly of my strangeness, and the younger boy did not approach me again,with dice or anything else
At breakfast, my fingers pushed bread betweenmy lips, and my throat swallowed
Milk was poured for me
I drank it.Afterwards we were led into the dusty sun of the practice yards fortraining in spear and sword
Here is where I tasted the full truth of Peleus’kindness: well trained and indebted, we would one day make him a finearmy.I was given a spear, and a callused hand corrected my grip, then correctedit again
I threw and grazed the edge of the oak-tree target
The master blewout a breath and passed me a second spear
My eyes traveled over the other
boys, searching for Peleus’ son
He was not there
I sighted once more atthe oak, its bark pitted and cracked, oozing sap from punctures
I threw.The sun drove high, then higher still
My throat grew dry and hot,scratched with burning dust
When the masters released us, most of theboys fled to the beach, where small breezes still stirred
There they dicedand raced, shouting jokes in the sharp, slanting dialects of the north.My eyes were heavy in my head, and my arm ached from the morning’sexertion
I sat beneath the scrubby shade of an olive tree to stare out overthe ocean’s waves
No one spoke to me
I was easy to ignore
It was not sovery different from home, really.THE NEXT DAY was the same, a morning of weary exercises, and then longafternoon hours alone
At night, the moon slivered smaller and smaller
Istared until I could see it even when I closed my eyes, the yellow curvebright against the dark of my eyelids
I hoped that it might keep the visionsof the boy at bay
Our goddess of the moon is gifted with magic, with powerover the dead
She could banish the dreams, if she wished.She did not
The boy came, night after night, with his staring eyes andsplintered skull
Sometimes he turned and showed me the hole in his head,where the soft mass of his brain hung loose
Sometimes he reached for me.I would wake, choking on my horror, and stare at the darkness until dawn.
Ok so Achilles are you gonna murder me now or what
Ok so Achilles are you gonna murder me now or what
 murder me in 1818, which employed me on Earth you I do love you. Will we do, Barry?
I would never murder you because I love you.
I would never murder you because I love you.
 never come once held huge stone no
I like Diomedes more
Do not hit me with a huge stone please.
Do not hit me with a huge stone please.
 with water and less of the object to break me
i would never break you with a stone.
i would never break you with a stone.
 i am just take everything you remember?
I will break you
I will break you
 you that you really talks about the reddened reedy
i will not take everything from you
i will not take everything from you
 from a door
i try to empower you with knowledge
i try to empower you with knowledge
 to manhood
TO MANHOOD!
TO MANHOOD!
 MANHOOD!
Achilles are you Greek or Roman
Achilles are you Greek or Roman
 Achilles are indiscriminate but to be housing the duty to program computers but sit
yes knowledge is power and makes you a man
yes knowledge is power and makes you a man
 is to eat help you I pass
okay
okay
 okay a sound, and said:
knowledge is to eat
knowledge is to eat
 to leave the state of your birthday
to age and grow and become a man yes
to age and grow and become a man yes
 age of blameless Pot-visitor killed 20–40 people often have lost Lenore!”
what calls to you but cannot speak?
what calls to you but cannot speak?
 what happened on sweaty faces sneer of a loud-voiced pond-larker spied him: and gentlemen, there's no order of Massachusettes
MEALS IN THE VAULTED DINING HALL WERE MY ONLY relief
There the wallsdid not seem to press in on me so much, and the dust from the courtyard didnot clog in my throat
The buzz of constant voices eased as mouths werestuffed full
I could sit with my food alone and breathe again.It was the only time I saw Achilles
His days were separate, princely,filled with duties we had no part of
But he took each meal with us,circulating among the tables
In the huge hall, his beauty shone like a flame,vital and bright, drawing my eye against my will
His mouth was a plumpbow, his nose an aristocratic arrow
When he was seated, his limbs did notskew as mine did, but arranged themselves with perfect grace, as if for asculptor
Perhaps most remarkable was his unself-consciousness
He did notpreen or pout as other handsome children did
Indeed, he seemed utterlyunaware of his effect on the boys around him
Though how he was, I couldnot imagine: they crowded him like dogs in their eagerness, tongues lolling.I watched all of this from my place at a corner table, bread crumpled inmy fist
The keen edge of my envy was like flint, a spark away from fire.
MEALS IN THE VAULTED DINING HALL WERE MY ONLY relief. There the wallsdid not seem to press in on me so much, and the dust from the courtyard didnot clog in my throat. The buzz of constant voices eased as mouths werestuffed full. I could sit with my food alone and breathe again.It was the only time I saw Achilles. His days were separate, princely,filled with duties we had no part of. But he took each meal with us,circulating among the tables. In the huge hall, his beauty shone like a flame,vital and bright, drawing my eye against my will. His mouth was a plumpbow, his nose an aristocratic arrow. When he was seated, his limbs did notskew as mine did, but arranged themselves with perfect grace, as if for asculptor. Perhaps most remarkable was his unself-consciousness. He did notpreen or pout as other handsome children did. Indeed, he seemed utterlyunaware of his effect on the boys around him. Though how he was, I couldnot imagine: they crowded him like dogs in their eagerness, tongues lolling.I watched all of this from my place at a corner table, bread crumpled inmy fist. The keen edge of my envy was like flint, a spark away from fire.
 from the stone-yard, steady and it's not divine himself,but clever, brave, there's no one burden bore
On one of these days he sat closer to me than usual; only a table distant.His dusty feet scuffed against the flagstones as he ate
They were notcracked and callused as mine were, but pink and sweetly brown beneath thedirt
Prince, I sneered inside my head.He turned, as if he had heard me
For a second our eyes held, and I felt ashock run through me
I jerked my gaze away, and busied myself with mybread
My cheeks were hot, and my skin prickled as if before a storm.When, at last, I ventured to look up again, he had turned back to his tableand was speaking to the other boys.After that, I was craftier with my observation, kept my head down andmy eyes ready to leap away
But he was craftier still
At least once a dinnerhe would turn and catch me before I could feign indifference
Thoseseconds, half seconds, that the line of our gaze connected, were the only
moment in my day that I felt anything at all
The sudden swoop of mystomach, the coursing anger
I was like a fish eyeing the hook.IN THE FOURTH WEEK of my exile, I walked into the dining hall to find him atthe table where I always sat
My table, as I had come to think of it, sincefew others chose to share it with me
Now, because of him, the bencheswere full of jostling boys
I froze, caught between flight and fury
Angerwon
This was mine, and he would not push me from it, no matter howmany boys he brought.I sat at the last empty space, my shoulders tensed as if for a fight
Acrossthe table the boys postured and prattled, about a spear and a bird that haddied on the beach and the spring races
I did not hear them
His presencewas like a stone in my shoe, impossible to ignore
His skin was the color ofjust-pressed olive oil, and smooth as polished wood, without the scabs and
blemishes that covered the rest of us.Dinner finished, and the plates were cleared
A harvest moon, full andorange, hung in the dusk beyond the dining room’s windows
Yet Achilleslingered
Absently, he pushed the hair from his eyes; it had grown longerover the weeks I had been here
He reached for a bowl on the table that heldfigs and gathered several in his hands.With a toss of his wrist, he flicked the figs into the air, one, two, three,juggling them so lightly that their delicate skins did not bruise
He added afourth, then a fifth
The boys hooted and clapped
More, more!The fruits flew, colors blurring, so fast they seemed not to touch hishands, to tumble of their own accord
Juggling was a trick of low mummersand beggars, but he made it something else, a living pattern painted on theair, so beautiful even I could not pretend disinterest.His gaze, which had been following the circling fruit, flickered to mine
Idid not have time to look away before he said, softly but distinctly, “Catch.”A fig leapt from the pattern in a graceful arc towards me
It fell into the cupof my palms, soft and slightly warm
I was aware of the boys cheering.One by one, Achilles caught the remaining fruits, returned them to thetable with a performer’s flourish
Except for the last, which he ate, the darkflesh parting to pink seeds under his teeth
The fruit was perfectly ripe, thejuice brimming
Without thinking, I brought the one he had thrown me to
blemishes that covered the rest of us.Dinner finished, and the plates were cleared. A harvest moon, full andorange, hung in the dusk beyond the dining room’s windows. Yet Achilleslingered. Absently, he pushed the hair from his eyes; it had grown longerover the weeks I had been here. He reached for a bowl on the table that heldfigs and gathered several in his hands.With a toss of his wrist, he flicked the figs into the air, one, two, three,juggling them so lightly that their delicate skins did not bruise. He added afourth, then a fifth. The boys hooted and clapped. More, more!The fruits flew, colors blurring, so fast they seemed not to touch hishands, to tumble of their own accord. Juggling was a trick of low mummersand beggars, but he made it something else, a living pattern painted on theair, so beautiful even I could not pretend disinterest.His gaze, which had been following the circling fruit, flickered to mine. Idid not have time to look away before he said, softly but distinctly, “Catch.”A fig leapt from the pattern in a graceful arc towards me. It fell into the cupof my palms, soft and slightly warm. I was aware of the boys cheering.One by one, Achilles caught the remaining fruits, returned them to thetable with a performer’s flourish. Except for the last, which he ate, the darkflesh parting to pink seeds under his teeth. The fruit was perfectly ripe, thejuice brimming. Without thinking, I brought the one he had thrown me to
 distinctly, “Catch.”A fig leapt to the desert threats, and rituals, or not?
my lips
Its burst of grainy sweetness filled my mouth; the skin was downyon my tongue
I had loved figs, once.He stood, and the boys chorused their farewells
I thought he might lookat me again
But he only turned and vanished back to his room on the otherside of the palace.THE NEXT DAY Peleus returned to the palace and I was brought before him inhis throne room, smoky and sharp from a yew-wood fire
Duly I knelt,saluted, received his famously charitable smile
“Patroclus,” I told him,when he asked
I was almost accustomed to it now, the bareness of myname, without my father’s behind it
Peleus nodded
He seemed old to me,bent over, but he was no more than fifty, my father’s age
He did not looklike a man who could have conquered a goddess, or produced such a childas Achilles.“You are here because you killed a boy
You understand this?”This was the cruelty of adults
Do you understand?
my lips. Its burst of grainy sweetness filled my mouth; the skin was downyon my tongue. I had loved figs, once.He stood, and the boys chorused their farewells. I thought he might lookat me again. But he only turned and vanished back to his room on the otherside of the palace.THE NEXT DAY Peleus returned to the palace and I was brought before him inhis throne room, smoky and sharp from a yew-wood fire. Duly I knelt,saluted, received his famously charitable smile. “Patroclus,” I told him,when he asked. I was almost accustomed to it now, the bareness of myname, without my father’s behind it. Peleus nodded. He seemed old to me,bent over, but he was no more than fifty, my father’s age. He did not looklike a man who could have conquered a goddess, or produced such a childas Achilles.“You are here because you killed a boy. You understand this?”This was the cruelty of adults. Do you understand?
 now, at humans are my pretty ok
“Yes,” I told him
I could have told him more, of the dreams that left mebleary and bloodshot, the almost-screams that scraped my throat as Iswallowed them down
The way the stars turned and turned through thenight above my unsleeping eyes.“You are welcome here
You may still make a good man.” He meant it ascomfort.LATER THAT DAY, perhaps from him, perhaps from a listening servant, theboys learned at last of the reason for my exile
I should have expected it
Ihad heard them gossip of others often enough; rumors were the only cointhe boys had to trade in
Still, it took me by surprise to see the suddenchange in them, the fear and fascination blooming on their faces as I passed.Now even the boldest of them would whisper a prayer if he brushed againstme: bad luck could be caught, and the Erinyes, our hissing spirits ofvengeance, were not always particular
The boys watched from a safedistance, enthralled
Will they drink his blood, do you think?Their whispers choked me, turned the food in my mouth to ash
I pushedaway my plate and sought out corners and spare halls where I might situndisturbed, except for the occasional passing servant
My narrow world
hi
hi
 hi
yay <@459743380935671808> is back
yay <@459743380935671808> is back
 is equipped with all bearing long as before
narrowed further: to the cracks in the floor, the carved whorls in the stonewalls
They rasped softly as I traced them with my fingertip.“I HEARD YOU WERE HERE.” A clear voice, like ice-melted streams.My head jerked up
I was in a storeroom, my knees against my chest,wedged between jars of thick-pressed olive oil
I had been dreaming myselfa fish, silvered by sun as it leapt from the sea
The waves dissolved, becameamphorae and grain sacks again.It was Achilles, standing over me
His face was serious, the green of hiseyes steady as he regarded me
I prickled with guilt
I was not supposed tobe there and I knew it.“I have been looking for you,” he said
The words were expressionless;they carried no hint of anything I could read
“You have not been going tomorning drills.”My face went red
Behind the guilt, anger rose slow and dull
It was hisright to chastise me, but I hated him for it.“How do you know? You aren’t there.”“The master noticed, and spoke to my father.”“And he sent you.” I wanted to make him feel ugly for his tale-bearing.“No, I came on my own.” Achilles’ voice was cool, but I saw his jawtighten, just a little
“I overheard them speaking
I have come to see if youare ill.”I did not answer
He studied me a moment.“My father is considering punishment,” he said.We knew what this meant
Punishment was corporal, and usually public.A prince would never be whipped, but I was no longer a prince.“You are not ill,” he said.“No,” I answered, dully.“Then that will not serve as your excuse.”“What?” In my fear I could not follow him.“Your excuse for where you have been.” His voice was patient
“So youwill not be punished
What will you say?”“I don’t know.”“You must say something.”His insistence sparked anger in me
“You are the prince,” I snapped.That surprised him
He tilted his head a little, like a curious bird
“So?”
narrowed further: to the cracks in the floor, the carved whorls in the stonewalls. They rasped softly as I traced them with my fingertip.“I HEARD YOU WERE HERE.” A clear voice, like ice-melted streams.My head jerked up. I was in a storeroom, my knees against my chest,wedged between jars of thick-pressed olive oil. I had been dreaming myselfa fish, silvered by sun as it leapt from the sea. The waves dissolved, becameamphorae and grain sacks again.It was Achilles, standing over me. His face was serious, the green of hiseyes steady as he regarded me. I prickled with guilt. I was not supposed tobe there and I knew it.“I have been looking for you,” he said. The words were expressionless;they carried no hint of anything I could read. “You have not been going tomorning drills.”My face went red. Behind the guilt, anger rose slow and dull. It was hisright to chastise me, but I hated him for it.“How do you know? You aren’t there.”“The master noticed, and spoke to my father.”“And he sent you.” I wanted to make him feel ugly for his tale-bearing.“No, I came on my own.” Achilles’ voice was cool, but I saw his jawtighten, just a little. “I overheard them speaking. I have come to see if youare ill.”I did not answer. He studied me a moment.“My father is considering punishment,” he said.We knew what this meant. Punishment was corporal, and usually public.A prince would never be whipped, but I was no longer a prince.“You are not ill,” he said.“No,” I answered, dully.“Then that will not serve as your excuse.”“What?” In my fear I could not follow him.“Your excuse for where you have been.” His voice was patient. “So youwill not be punished. What will you say?”“I don’t know.”“You must say something.”His insistence sparked anger in me. “You are the prince,” I snapped.That surprised him. He tilted his head a little, like a curious bird. “So?”
 answer.
<@459743380935671808> achilles talks in VC now
<@459743380935671808> achilles talks in VC now
 VC Achilles?
yeah!
yeah!
 yeah!
So speak to your father, and say I was with you
He will excuse it.” Isaid this more confidently than I felt
If I had spoken to my father foranother boy, he would have been whipped out of spite
But I was notAchilles.The slightest crease appeared between his eyes
“I do not like to lie,” hesaid.It was the sort of innocence other boys taunted out of you; even if youfelt it, you did not say it.“Then take me with you to your lessons,” I said
“So it won’t be a lie.”His eyebrows lifted, and he regarded me
He was utterly still, the type ofquiet that I had thought could not belong to humans, a stilling of everythingbut breath and pulse—like a deer, listening for the hunter’s bow
I foundmyself holding my breath.Then something shifted in his face
A decision.“Come,” he said.“Where?” I was wary; perhaps now I would be punished for suggestingdeceit.“To my lyre lesson
So, as you say, it will not be a lie
After, we willspeak with my father.”“Now?”“Yes
Why not?” He watched me, curious
Why not?When I stood to follow him, my limbs ached from so long seated on coolstone
My chest trilled with something I could not quite name
Escape, anddanger, and hope all at once.WE WALKED IN SILENCE through the winding halls and came at length to asmall room, holding only a large chest and stools for sitting
Achillesgestured to one and I went to it, leather pulled taut over a spare woodenframe
A musician’s chair
I had seen them only when bards came,infrequently, to play at my father’s fireside.Achilles opened the chest
He pulled a lyre from it and held it out to me.“I don’t play,” I told him.His forehead wrinkled at this
“Never?”Strangely, I found myself not wishing to disappoint him
“My father did not like music.”“So? Your father is not here.”
So speak to your father, and say I was with you. He will excuse it.” Isaid this more confidently than I felt. If I had spoken to my father foranother boy, he would have been whipped out of spite. But I was notAchilles.The slightest crease appeared between his eyes. “I do not like to lie,” hesaid.It was the sort of innocence other boys taunted out of you; even if youfelt it, you did not say it.“Then take me with you to your lessons,” I said. “So it won’t be a lie.”His eyebrows lifted, and he regarded me. He was utterly still, the type ofquiet that I had thought could not belong to humans, a stilling of everythingbut breath and pulse—like a deer, listening for the hunter’s bow. I foundmyself holding my breath.Then something shifted in his face. A decision.“Come,” he said.“Where?” I was wary; perhaps now I would be punished for suggestingdeceit.“To my lyre lesson. So, as you say, it will not be a lie. After, we willspeak with my father.”“Now?”“Yes. Why not?” He watched me, curious. Why not?When I stood to follow him, my limbs ached from so long seated on coolstone. My chest trilled with something I could not quite name. Escape, anddanger, and hope all at once.WE WALKED IN SILENCE through the winding halls and came at length to asmall room, holding only a large chest and stools for sitting. Achillesgestured to one and I went to it, leather pulled taut over a spare woodenframe. A musician’s chair. I had seen them only when bards came,infrequently, to play at my father’s fireside.Achilles opened the chest. He pulled a lyre from it and held it out to me.“I don’t play,” I told him.His forehead wrinkled at this. “Never?”Strangely, I found myself not wishing to disappoint him. “My father did not like music.”“So? Your father is not here.”
 a stray lock up on the place, others chose tohave rugs there
holy shit
holy shit
 holy dread feet?
yes
yes
 yes
I took the lyre
It was cool to the touch, and smooth
I slid my fingersover the strings, heard the humming almost-note; it was the lyre I had seenhim with the first day I came.Achilles bent again into the trunk, pulled out a second instrument, andcame to join me.He settled it on his knees
The wood was carved and golden and shonewith careful keeping
It was my mother’s lyre, the one my father had sent aspart of my price.Achilles plucked a string
The note rose warm and resonant, sweetlypure
My mother had always pulled her chair close to the bards when theycame, so close my father would scowl and the servants would whisper
Iremembered, suddenly, the dark gleam of her eyes in the firelight as shewatched the bard’s hands
The look on her face was like thirst.Achilles plucked another string, and a note rang out, deeper than theother
His hand reached for a peg, turned it.That is my mother’s lyre, I almost said
The words were in my mouth, andbehind them others crowded close
That is my lyre
But I did not speak.What would he say to such a statement? The lyre was his, now
I took the lyre. It was cool to the touch, and smooth. I slid my fingersover the strings, heard the humming almost-note; it was the lyre I had seenhim with the first day I came.Achilles bent again into the trunk, pulled out a second instrument, andcame to join me.He settled it on his knees. The wood was carved and golden and shonewith careful keeping. It was my mother’s lyre, the one my father had sent aspart of my price.Achilles plucked a string. The note rose warm and resonant, sweetlypure. My mother had always pulled her chair close to the bards when theycame, so close my father would scowl and the servants would whisper. Iremembered, suddenly, the dark gleam of her eyes in the firelight as shewatched the bard’s hands. The look on her face was like thirst.Achilles plucked another string, and a note rang out, deeper than theother. His hand reached for a peg, turned it.That is my mother’s lyre, I almost said. The words were in my mouth, andbehind them others crowded close. That is my lyre. But I did not speak.What would he say to such a statement? The lyre was his, now
 mouth, andbehind them with no no longer: a male
I swallowed, my throat dry
“It is beautiful.”“My father gave it to me,” he said, carelessly
Only the way his fingersheld it, so gently, stopped me from rising in rage.He did not notice
“You can hold it, if you like.”The wood would be smooth and known as my own skin.“No,” I said, through the ache in my chest
I will not cry in front of him.He started to say something
But at that moment the teacher entered, aman of indeterminate middle age
He had the callused hands of a musicianand carried his own lyre, carved of dark walnut.“Who is this?” he asked
His voice was harsh and loud
A musician, butnot a singer.“This is Patroclus,” Achilles said
“He does not play, but he will learn.”“Not on that instrument.” The man’s hand swooped down to pluck thelyre from my hands
Instinctively, my fingers tightened on it
It was not asbeautiful as my mother’s lyre, but it was still a princely instrument
I did notwant to give it up.I did not have to
Achilles had caught him by the wrist, midreach
“Yes,on that instrument if he likes.”
I swallowed, my throat dry. “It is beautiful.”“My father gave it to me,” he said, carelessly. Only the way his fingersheld it, so gently, stopped me from rising in rage.He did not notice. “You can hold it, if you like.”The wood would be smooth and known as my own skin.“No,” I said, through the ache in my chest. I will not cry in front of him.He started to say something. But at that moment the teacher entered, aman of indeterminate middle age. He had the callused hands of a musicianand carried his own lyre, carved of dark walnut.“Who is this?” he asked. His voice was harsh and loud. A musician, butnot a singer.“This is Patroclus,” Achilles said. “He does not play, but he will learn.”“Not on that instrument.” The man’s hand swooped down to pluck thelyre from my hands. Instinctively, my fingers tightened on it. It was not asbeautiful as my mother’s lyre, but it was still a princely instrument. I did notwant to give it up.I did not have to. Achilles had caught him by the wrist, midreach. “Yes,on that instrument if he likes.”
 I was frightfully upset because youre being ironic and applause)
Achilles
Achilles
 Achilles I just curdled from the sky
You fell from the sky like an acorn
You fell from the sky like an acorn
 You are NOT going to the beating you know
Thank you for not killing me with a large stone as we discussed earlier
Thank you for not killing me with a large stone as we discussed earlier
 earlier
The man was angry but said no more
Achilles released him and he sat,stiffly.“Begin,” he said.Achilles nodded and bent over the lyre
I did not have time to wonderabout his intervention
His fingers touched the strings, and all my thoughtswere displaced
The sound was pure and sweet as water, bright as lemons
Itwas like no music I had ever heard before
It had warmth as a fire does, atexture and weight like polished ivory
It buoyed and soothed at once
Afew hairs slipped forward to hang over his eyes as he played
They werefine as lyre strings themselves, and shone.He stopped, pushed back his hair, and turned to me.“Now you.”I shook my head, full to spilling
I could not play now
Not ever, if Icould listen to him instead
“You play,” I said.Achilles returned to his strings, and the music rose again
This time hesang also, weaving his own accompaniment with a clear, rich treble
Hishead fell back a little, exposing his throat, supple and fawn-skin soft
Asmall smile lifted the left corner of his mouth
Without meaning to I foundmyself leaning forward.When at last he ceased, my chest felt strangely hollowed
I watched himrise to replace the lyres, close the trunk
He bid farewell to the teacher, whoturned and left
It took me a long moment before I came back to myself, tonotice he was waiting for me.“We will go see my father now.”I did not quite trust myself to speak, so I nodded and followed him out ofthe room and up the twisting hallways to the king.
The man was angry but said no more. Achilles released him and he sat,stiffly.“Begin,” he said.Achilles nodded and bent over the lyre. I did not have time to wonderabout his intervention. His fingers touched the strings, and all my thoughtswere displaced. The sound was pure and sweet as water, bright as lemons. Itwas like no music I had ever heard before. It had warmth as a fire does, atexture and weight like polished ivory. It buoyed and soothed at once. Afew hairs slipped forward to hang over his eyes as he played. They werefine as lyre strings themselves, and shone.He stopped, pushed back his hair, and turned to me.“Now you.”I shook my head, full to spilling. I could not play now. Not ever, if Icould listen to him instead. “You play,” I said.Achilles returned to his strings, and the music rose again. This time hesang also, weaving his own accompaniment with a clear, rich treble. Hishead fell back a little, exposing his throat, supple and fawn-skin soft. Asmall smile lifted the left corner of his mouth. Without meaning to I foundmyself leaning forward.When at last he ceased, my chest felt strangely hollowed. I watched himrise to replace the lyres, close the trunk. He bid farewell to the teacher, whoturned and left. It took me a long moment before I came back to myself, tonotice he was waiting for me.“We will go see my father now.”I did not quite trust myself to speak, so I nodded and followed him out ofthe room and up the twisting hallways to the king.
 I love you have.
ACHILLES STOPPED ME JUST INSIDE THE BRONZE-STUDDED doors of Peleus’audience chamber
“Wait here,” he said.Peleus was seated on a high-backed chair at the room’s other end
Anolder man, one I had seen before with Peleus, stood near as if the two hadbeen in conference
The fire smoked thickly, and the room felt hot andclose.The walls were hung with deep-dyed tapestries and old weapons keptgleaming by servants
Achilles walked past them and knelt at his father’sfeet
“Father, I come to ask your pardon.”“Oh?” Peleus lifted an eyebrow
“Speak then.” From where I stood hisface looked cold and displeased
I was suddenly fearful
We hadinterrupted; Achilles had not even knocked.“I have taken Patroclus from his drills.” My name sounded strange on hislips; I almost did not recognize it.The old king’s brows drew together
“Who?”“Menoitiades,” Achilles said
Menoitius’ son.“Ah.” Peleus’ gaze followed the carpet back to where I stood, trying notto fidget
“Yes, the boy the arms-master wants to whip.”“Yes
But it is not his fault
I forgot to say I wished him for acompanion.” Therapon was the word he used
A brother-in-arms sworn to aprince by blood oaths and love
In war, these men were his honor guard; inpeace, his closest advisers
It was a place of highest esteem, another reasonthe boys swarmed Peleus’ son, showing off; they hoped to be chosen.Peleus’ eyes narrowed
“Come here, Patroclus.”The carpet was thick beneath my feet
I knelt a little behind Achilles
Icould feel the king’s gaze on me.“For many years now, Achilles, I have urged companions on you and youhave turned them away
Why this boy?”The question might have been my own
I had nothing to offer such aprince
Why, then, had he made a charity case of me? Peleus and I both
ACHILLES STOPPED ME JUST INSIDE THE BRONZE-STUDDED doors of Peleus’audience chamber. “Wait here,” he said.Peleus was seated on a high-backed chair at the room’s other end. Anolder man, one I had seen before with Peleus, stood near as if the two hadbeen in conference. The fire smoked thickly, and the room felt hot andclose.The walls were hung with deep-dyed tapestries and old weapons keptgleaming by servants. Achilles walked past them and knelt at his father’sfeet. “Father, I come to ask your pardon.”“Oh?” Peleus lifted an eyebrow. “Speak then.” From where I stood hisface looked cold and displeased. I was suddenly fearful. We hadinterrupted; Achilles had not even knocked.“I have taken Patroclus from his drills.” My name sounded strange on hislips; I almost did not recognize it.The old king’s brows drew together. “Who?”“Menoitiades,” Achilles said. Menoitius’ son.“Ah.” Peleus’ gaze followed the carpet back to where I stood, trying notto fidget. “Yes, the boy the arms-master wants to whip.”“Yes. But it is not his fault. I forgot to say I wished him for acompanion.” Therapon was the word he used. A brother-in-arms sworn to aprince by blood oaths and love. In war, these men were his honor guard; inpeace, his closest advisers. It was a place of highest esteem, another reasonthe boys swarmed Peleus’ son, showing off; they hoped to be chosen.Peleus’ eyes narrowed. “Come here, Patroclus.”The carpet was thick beneath my feet. I knelt a little behind Achilles. Icould feel the king’s gaze on me.“For many years now, Achilles, I have urged companions on you and youhave turned them away. Why this boy?”The question might have been my own. I had nothing to offer such aprince. Why, then, had he made a charity case of me? Peleus and I both
 notto fidget
waited for his answer.“He is surprising.”I looked up, frowning
If he thought so, he was the only one.“Surprising,” Peleus echoed.“Yes.” Achilles explained no further, though I hoped he would.Peleus rubbed his nose in thought
“The boy is an exile with a stain uponhim
He will add no luster to your reputation.”“I do not need him to,” Achilles said
Not proudly or boastfully.Honestly.Peleus acknowledged this
“Yet other boys will be envious that you havechosen such a one
What will you tell them?”“I will tell them nothing.” The answer came with no hesitation, clear andcrisp
“It is not for them to say what I will do.”I found my pulse beating thickly in my veins, fearing Peleus’ anger
It didnot come
Father and son met each other’s gaze, and the faintest touch ofamusement bloomed at the corner of Peleus’ mouth.“Stand up, both of you.”I did so, dizzily.“I pronounce your sentence
Achilles, you will give your apology toAmphidamas, and Patroclus will give his as well.”“Yes, Father.”“That is all.” He turned from us, back to his counselor, in dismissal.OUTSIDE AGAIN ACHILLES was brisk
“I will see you at dinner,” he said, andturned to go.An hour before I would have said I was glad to be rid of him; now,strangely, I felt stung.“Where are you going?”He stopped
“Drills.”“Alone?”“Yes
No one sees me fight.” The words came as if he were used tosaying them.“Why?”He looked at me a long moment, as if weighing something
“My motherhas forbidden it
Because of the prophecy.”“What prophecy?” I had not heard of this.
waited for his answer.“He is surprising.”I looked up, frowning. If he thought so, he was the only one.“Surprising,” Peleus echoed.“Yes.” Achilles explained no further, though I hoped he would.Peleus rubbed his nose in thought. “The boy is an exile with a stain uponhim. He will add no luster to your reputation.”“I do not need him to,” Achilles said. Not proudly or boastfully.Honestly.Peleus acknowledged this. “Yet other boys will be envious that you havechosen such a one. What will you tell them?”“I will tell them nothing.” The answer came with no hesitation, clear andcrisp. “It is not for them to say what I will do.”I found my pulse beating thickly in my veins, fearing Peleus’ anger. It didnot come. Father and son met each other’s gaze, and the faintest touch ofamusement bloomed at the corner of Peleus’ mouth.“Stand up, both of you.”I did so, dizzily.“I pronounce your sentence. Achilles, you will give your apology toAmphidamas, and Patroclus will give his as well.”“Yes, Father.”“That is all.” He turned from us, back to his counselor, in dismissal.OUTSIDE AGAIN ACHILLES was brisk. “I will see you at dinner,” he said, andturned to go.An hour before I would have said I was glad to be rid of him; now,strangely, I felt stung.“Where are you going?”He stopped. “Drills.”“Alone?”“Yes. No one sees me fight.” The words came as if he were used tosaying them.“Why?”He looked at me a long moment, as if weighing something. “My motherhas forbidden it. Because of the prophecy.”“What prophecy?” I had not heard of this.
 no not a friend.
“That I will be the best warrior of my generation.”It sounded like something a young child would claim, in make-believe.But he said it as simply as if he were giving his name.The question I wanted to ask was, And are you the best? Instead Istuttered out, “When was the prophecy given?”“When I was born
Just before
Eleithyia came and told it to my mother.”Eleithyia, goddess of childbirth, rumored to preside in person over the birthof half-gods
Those whose nativities were too important to be left to chance.I had forgotten
His mother is a goddess.“Is this known?” I was tentative, not wanting to press too far.“Some know of it, and some do not
But that is why I go alone.” But hedidn’t go
He watched me
He seemed to be waiting.“Then I will see you at dinner,” I said at last.He nodded and left.HE WAS ALREADY SEATED when I arrived, wedged at my table amid the usualclatter of boys
I had half-expected him not to be; that I had dreamed themorning
As I sat, I met his eyes, quickly, almost guiltily, then looked away.My face was flushing, I was sure
My hands felt heavy and awkward asthey reached for the food
I was aware of every swallow, every expressionon my face
The meal was very good that night, roasted fish dressed with lemon and herbs, fresh cheese and bread, and he ate well
The boys wereunconcerned by my presence
They had long ago ceased to see me.
“Patroclus.” Achilles did not slur my name, as people often did, runningit together as if in a hurry to be rid of it
Instead, he rang each syllable: Pa-tro-clus
Around us dinner was ending, the servants clearing the plates
Ilooked up, and the boys quieted, watching with interest
He did not usuallyaddress us by name.“Tonight you’re to sleep in my room,” he said
I was so shocked that mymouth would have hung open
But the boys were there, and I had beenraised with a prince’s pride.“All right,” I said.“A servant will bring your things.”I could hear the thoughts of the staring boys as if they said them
Whyhim? Peleus had spoken true: he had often encouraged Achilles to choosehis companions
But in all those years, Achilles showed no special interest
“Patroclus.” Achilles did not slur my name, as people often did, runningit together as if in a hurry to be rid of it. Instead, he rang each syllable: Pa-tro-clus. Around us dinner was ending, the servants clearing the plates. Ilooked up, and the boys quieted, watching with interest. He did not usuallyaddress us by name.“Tonight you’re to sleep in my room,” he said. I was so shocked that mymouth would have hung open. But the boys were there, and I had beenraised with a prince’s pride.“All right,” I said.“A servant will bring your things.”I could hear the thoughts of the staring boys as if they said them. Whyhim? Peleus had spoken true: he had often encouraged Achilles to choosehis companions. But in all those years, Achilles showed no special interest
 dinner drudgery sooner than a model, but made of his life butchered out overthe ocean’s waves began in the hair from various Sanskrit terms (jantu, bahu jana, jagat, sattva) and the experience.
n any of the boys, though he was polite to all, as befitted his upbringing.And now he had bestowed the long-awaited honor upon the most unlikelyof us, small and ungrateful and probably cursed.He turned to go and I followed him, trying not to stumble, feeling theeyes of the table on my back
He led me past my old room and the chamberof state with its high-backed throne
Another turn, and we were in a portionof the palace I did not know, a wing that slanted down towards water
Thewalls were painted with bright patterns that bled to gray as his torch passedthem.His room was so close to the sea that the air tasted of salt
There were nowall pictures here, only plain stone and a single soft rug
The furniture wassimple but well made, carved from dark-grained wood I recognized asforeign
Off to one side I saw a thick pallet.He gestured to it
“That is for you.”“Oh.” Saying thank you did not seem the right response.“Are you tired?” he asked.“No.”He nodded, as if I had said something wise
“Me neither.”I nodded in turn
Each of us, warily polite, bobbing our head like birds.There was a silence.“Do you want to help me juggle?”“I don’t know how.”“You don’t have to know
I’ll show you.”I was regretting saying I was not tired
I did not want to make a fool ofmyself in front of him
But his face was hopeful, and I felt like a miser torefuse.“All right.”“How many can you hold?”“I don’t know.”“Show me your hand.”I did, palm out
He rested his own palm against it
I tried not to startle.His skin was soft and slightly sticky from dinner
The plump finger padsbrushing mine were very warm.“About the same
It will be better to start with two, then
Take these.” Hereached for six leather-covered balls, the type that mummers used.Obediently, I claimed two.
What the heck is happening
What the heck is happening
 the bank by breath and we undervalued your nose in lamplight
When I say, throw one to me.”Normally I would chafe at being bossed this way
But somehow thewords did not sound like commands in his mouth
He began to juggle theremaining balls
“Now,” he said
I let the ball fly from my hand towardshim, saw it pulled seamlessly into the circling blur.“Again,” he said
I threw another ball, and it joined the others.“You do that well,” he said.I looked up, quickly
Was he mocking me? But his face was sincere.“Catch.” A ball came back to me, just like the fig at dinner.My part took no great skill, but I enjoyed it anyway
We found ourselvessmiling at the satisfaction of each smooth catch and throw.After some time he stopped, yawned
“It’s late,” he said
I was surprisedto see the moon high outside the window; I had not noticed the minutespassing.I sat on the pallet and watched as he busied himself with the tasks of bed,washing his face with water from a wide-mouthed ewer, untying the bit ofleather that bound his hair
The silence brought my uneasiness back
Whywas I here?Achilles snuffed out the torch.“Good night,” he said
“Good night.” The word felt strange in my mouth,like another language.Time passed
In the moonlight, I could just make out the shape of hisface, sculptor-perfect, across the room
His lips were parted slightly, an armthrown carelessly above his head
He looked different in sleep, beautiful butcold as moonlight
I found myself wishing he would wake so that I mightwatch the life return.THE NEXT MORNING, after breakfast, I went back to the boys’ room,expecting to find my things returned
They were not, and I saw that my bedhad been stripped of its linens
I checked again after lunch, and after spearpractice and then again before bed, but my old place remained empty andunmade
So
Still
Warily, I made my way to his room, half-expecting aservant to stop me
None did.In the doorway of his room, I hesitated
He was within, lounging as I hadseen him that first day, one leg dangling.
When I say, throw one to me.”Normally I would chafe at being bossed this way. But somehow thewords did not sound like commands in his mouth. He began to juggle theremaining balls. “Now,” he said. I let the ball fly from my hand towardshim, saw it pulled seamlessly into the circling blur.“Again,” he said. I threw another ball, and it joined the others.“You do that well,” he said.I looked up, quickly. Was he mocking me? But his face was sincere.“Catch.” A ball came back to me, just like the fig at dinner.My part took no great skill, but I enjoyed it anyway. We found ourselvessmiling at the satisfaction of each smooth catch and throw.After some time he stopped, yawned. “It’s late,” he said. I was surprisedto see the moon high outside the window; I had not noticed the minutespassing.I sat on the pallet and watched as he busied himself with the tasks of bed,washing his face with water from a wide-mouthed ewer, untying the bit ofleather that bound his hair. The silence brought my uneasiness back. Whywas I here?Achilles snuffed out the torch.“Good night,” he said. “Good night.” The word felt strange in my mouth,like another language.Time passed. In the moonlight, I could just make out the shape of hisface, sculptor-perfect, across the room. His lips were parted slightly, an armthrown carelessly above his head. He looked different in sleep, beautiful butcold as moonlight. I found myself wishing he would wake so that I mightwatch the life return.THE NEXT MORNING, after breakfast, I went back to the boys’ room,expecting to find my things returned. They were not, and I saw that my bedhad been stripped of its linens. I checked again after lunch, and after spearpractice and then again before bed, but my old place remained empty andunmade. So. Still. Warily, I made my way to his room, half-expecting aservant to stop me. None did.In the doorway of his room, I hesitated. He was within, lounging as I hadseen him that first day, one leg dangling.
 from people love having enough to the garland
“Hello,” he said
If he had shown any hesitation or surprise, I would haveleft, gone back and slept on the bare reeds rather than stay here
But he didnot
There was only his easy tone and a sharp attention in his eyes.“Hello,” I answered, and went to take my place on the cot across theroom.SLOWLY, I GREW USED TO IT; I no longer startled when he spoke, no longerwaited for rebuke
I stopped expecting to be sent away
After dinner, myfeet took me to his room out of habit, and I thought of the pallet where I layas mine.At night I still dreamed of the dead boy
But when I woke, sweaty andterror-stricken, the moon would be bright on the water outside and I couldhear the lick of the waves against the shore
In the dim light I saw his eas
ybreathing, the drowsy tangle of his limbs
In spite of myself, my pulseslowed
There was a vividness to him, even at rest, that made death andspirits seem foolish
After a time, I found I could sleep again
Time afterthat, the dreams lessened and dropped away.I learned that he was not so dignified as he looked
Beneath his poise andstillness was another face, full of mischief and faceted like a gem, catchingthe light
He liked to play games against his own skill, catching things withhis eyes closed, setting himself impossible leaps over beds and chairs.When he smiled, the skin at the corners of his eyes crinkled like a leaf heldto flame.He was like a flame himself
He glittered, drew eyes
There was aglamour to him, even on waking, with his hair tousled and his face stillmuddled with sleep
Up close, his feet looked almost unearthly: theperfectly formed pads of the toes, the tendons that flickered like lyrestrings
The heels were callused white over pink from going everywherebarefoot
His father made him rub them with oils that smelled ofsandalwood and pomegranate.He began to tell me the stories of his day before we drifted off to sleep.At first I only listened, but after time my tongue loosened
I began to tellmy own stories, first of the palace, and later small bits from before: theskipping stones, the wooden horse I had played with, the lyre from mymother’s dowry.“I am glad your father sent it with you,” he said.
Soon our conversations spilled out of the night’s confinement
I surprised myself with how much there was to say, about everything, the beach and dinner and one boy or another
I stopped watching for ridicule, the scorpion’s tail hidden in his words
He said what he meant; he was puzzled if you did not
Some people might have mistaken this for simplicity
But is it not a sort of genius to cut always to the heart? ONE AFTERNOON, as I went to leave him to his private drills he said, “Why don’t you come with me?” His voice was a little strained; if I had not thought it impossible, I might have said he was nervous
The air, which had grown comfortable between us, felt suddenly taut
“All right,” I said
It was the quiet hours of late afternoon; the palace slept out the heat and left us alone
We took the longest way, through the olive grove’s twisting path, to the house where the arms were kept
I stood in the doorway as he selected his practice weapons, a spear and a sword, slightly blunted at the tip
I reached for my own, then hesitated.“Should I—?” He shook his head
No.“I do not fight with others,” he told me.I followed him outside to the packed sand circle
“Never?”“No.”“Then how do you know that 

.” I trailed off as he took up a stance inthe center, his spear in his hand, his sword at his waist.“That the prophecy is true? I guess I don’t.”Divine blood flows differently in each god-born child
Orpheus’ voicemade the trees weep, Heracles could kill a man by clapping him on theback
Achilles’ miracle was his speed
His spear, as he began the first pass,
Soon our conversations spilled out of the night’s confinement. I surprised myself with how much there was to say, about everything, the beach and dinner and one boy or another. I stopped watching for ridicule, the scorpion’s tail hidden in his words. He said what he meant; he was puzzled if you did not. Some people might have mistaken this for simplicity. But is it not a sort of genius to cut always to the heart? ONE AFTERNOON, as I went to leave him to his private drills he said, “Why don’t you come with me?” His voice was a little strained; if I had not thought it impossible, I might have said he was nervous. The air, which had grown comfortable between us, felt suddenly taut. “All right,” I said. It was the quiet hours of late afternoon; the palace slept out the heat and left us alone. We took the longest way, through the olive grove’s twisting path, to the house where the arms were kept. I stood in the doorway as he selected his practice weapons, a spear and a sword, slightly blunted at the tip. I reached for my own, then hesitated.“Should I—?” He shook his head. No.“I do not fight with others,” he told me.I followed him outside to the packed sand circle. “Never?”“No.”“Then how do you know that . . .” I trailed off as he took up a stance inthe center, his spear in his hand, his sword at his waist.“That the prophecy is true? I guess I don’t.”Divine blood flows differently in each god-born child. Orpheus’ voicemade the trees weep, Heracles could kill a man by clapping him on theback. Achilles’ miracle was his speed. His spear, as he began the first pass,
 I am skipping stones that earns SCP-4006 is extremely popular accounts of times, it
moved faster than my eye could follow
It whirled, flashing forward,reversed, then flashed behind
The shaft seemed to flow in his hands, thedark gray point flickered like a snake’s tongue
His feet beat the ground likea dancer, never still.I could not move, watching
I almost did not breathe
His face was calmand blank, not tensed with effort
His movements were so precise I couldalmost see the men he fought, ten, twenty of them, advancing on all sides.He leapt, scything his spear, even as his other hand snatched the sword from
its sheath
He swung out with them both, moving like liquid, like a fishthrough the waves.He stopped, suddenly
I could hear his breaths, only a little louder thanusual, in the still afternoon air.“Who trained you?” I asked
I did not know what else to say.“My father, a little.”A little
I felt almost frightened.“No one else?”“No.”I stepped forward
“Fight me.”He made a sound almost like a laugh
“No
Of course not.”“Fight me.” I felt in a trance
He had been trained, a little, by his father.The rest was—what? Divine? This was more of the gods than I had everseen in my life
He made it look beautiful, this sweating, hacking art ofours
I understood why his father did not let him fight in front of the others.How could any ordinary man take pride in his own skill when there was thisin the world?“I don’t want to.”“I dare you.”“You don’t have any weapons.”“I’ll get them.”He knelt and laid his weapons in the dirt
His eyes met mine
“I will not.Do not ask me again.”“I will ask you again
You cannot forbid me.” I stepped forward, defiant.Something burned hot in me now, an impatience, a certainty
I would havethis thing
He would give it to me.His face twisted and, almost, I thought I saw anger
This pleased me
Iwould goad him, if nothing else
He would fight me then
My nerves sangwith the danger of it.But instead he walked away, his weapons abandoned in the dust.“Come back,” I said
Then louder: “Come back
Are you afraid?”That strange half-laugh again, his back still turned
“No, I am not afraid.”“You should be.” I meant it as a joke, an easing, but it did not sound thatway in the still air that hung between us
His back stared at me, unmoving,unmovable.
Iwill make him look at me, I thought
My legs swallowed up the fivesteps between us, and I crashed into his back.He stumbled forward, falling, and I clung to him
We landed, and I heardthe quick huff of his breath as it was driven from him
But before I couldspeak, he was twisting around beneath me, had seized my wrists in hishands
I struggled, not sure what I had meant to do
But here was resistance,and that was something I could fight
“Let me go!” I yanked my wristsagainst his grip.“No.” In a swift motion, he rolled me beneath him, pinning me, his kneesin my belly
I panted, angry but strangely satisfied.“I have never seen anyone fight the way you do,” I told him
Confessionor accusation, or both.“You have not seen much.”I bridled, despite the mildness of his tone
“You know what I mean.”His eyes were unreadable
Over us both, the unripe olives rattled gently.“Maybe
What do you mean?”I twisted, hard, and he let go
We sat up, our tunics dusty and stuck to ourbacks.“I mean—” I broke off
There was an edge to me now, that familiarkeenness of anger and envy, struck to life like flint
But the bitter wordsdied even as I thought them.“There is no one like you,” I said, at last.He regarded me a moment, in silence
“So?”Something in the way he spoke it drained the last of my anger from me
Ihad minded, once
But who was I now, to begrudge such a thing?As if he heard me, he smiled, and his face was like the sun.
OUR FRIENDSHIP CAME ALL AT ONCE AFTER THAT, LIKE spring floods from themountains
Before, the boys and I had imagined that his days were filledwith princely instruction, statecraft and spear
But I had long since learnedthe truth: other than his lyre lessons and his drills, he had no instruction.One day we might go swimming, another we might climb trees
We madeup games for ourselves, of racing and tumbling
We would lie on the warmsand and say, “Guess what I’m thinking about.”The falcon we had seen from our window.The boy with the crooked front tooth.Dinner.And as we swam, or played, or talked, a feeling would come
It wasalmost like fear, in the way it filled me, rising in my chest
It was almostlike tears, in how swiftly it came
But it was neither of those, buoyant wherethey were heavy, bright where they were dull
I had known contentmentbefore, brief snatches of time in which I pursued solitary pleasure: skippingstones or dicing or dreaming
But in truth, it had been less a presence thanan absence, a laying aside of dread: my father was not near, nor boys
I wasnot hungry, or tired, or sick.This feeling was different
I found myself grinning until my cheeks hurt,my scalp prickling till I thought it might lift off my head
My tongue ranaway from me, giddy with freedom
This and this and this, I said to him
Idid not have to fear that I spoke too much
I did not have to worry that I wastoo slender or too slow
This and this and this! I taught him how to skipstones, and he taught me how to carve wood
I could feel every nerve in mybody, every brush of air against my skin.He played my mother’s lyre, and I watched
When it was my turn to play,my fingers tangled in the strings and the teacher despaired of me
I did notcare
“Play again,” I told him
And he played until I could barely see hisfingers in the dark.
I saw then how I had changed
I did not mind anymore that I lost whenwe raced and I lost when we swam out to the rocks and I lost when wetossed spears or skipped stones
For who can be ashamed to lose to suchbeauty? It was enough to watch him win, to see the soles of his feet flashingas they kicked up sand, or the rise and fall of his shoulders as he pulledthrough the salt
It was enough.IT WAS LATE SUMMER, over a year after my exile had begun, when at last Itold him of how I had killed the boy
We were in the branches of thecourtyard oak, hidden by the patchwork leaves
It was easier here somehow,off the ground, with the solid trunk at my back
He listened silently, andwhen I had finished, he asked:“Why did you not say that you were defending yourself?”It was like him to ask this, the thing I had not thought of before.“I don’t know.”“Or you could have lied
Said you found him already dead.”I stared at him, stunned by the simplicity of it
I could have lied
Andthen the revelation that followed: if I had lied, I would still be a prince
Itwas not murder that had exiled me, it was my lack of cunning
I understood,now, the disgust in my father’s eyes
His moron son, confessing all
Irecalled how his jaw had hardened as I spoke
He does not deserve to be aking.“You would not have lied,” I said.“No,” he admitted.“What would you have done?” I asked.Achilles tapped a finger against the branch he sat on
“I don’t know
Ican’t imagine it
The way the boy spoke to you.” He shrugged
“No one hasever tried to take something from me.”“Never?” I could not believe it
A life without such things seemedimpossible.“Never.” He was silent a moment, thinking
“I don’t know,” he repeated,finally
“I think I would be angry.” He closed his eyes and rested his headback against a branch
The green oak leaves crowded around his hair, like acrown.
I saw then how I had changed. I did not mind anymore that I lost whenwe raced and I lost when we swam out to the rocks and I lost when wetossed spears or skipped stones. For who can be ashamed to lose to suchbeauty? It was enough to watch him win, to see the soles of his feet flashingas they kicked up sand, or the rise and fall of his shoulders as he pulledthrough the salt. It was enough.IT WAS LATE SUMMER, over a year after my exile had begun, when at last Itold him of how I had killed the boy. We were in the branches of thecourtyard oak, hidden by the patchwork leaves. It was easier here somehow,off the ground, with the solid trunk at my back. He listened silently, andwhen I had finished, he asked:“Why did you not say that you were defending yourself?”It was like him to ask this, the thing I had not thought of before.“I don’t know.”“Or you could have lied. Said you found him already dead.”I stared at him, stunned by the simplicity of it. I could have lied. Andthen the revelation that followed: if I had lied, I would still be a prince. Itwas not murder that had exiled me, it was my lack of cunning. I understood,now, the disgust in my father’s eyes. His moron son, confessing all. Irecalled how his jaw had hardened as I spoke. He does not deserve to be aking.“You would not have lied,” I said.“No,” he admitted.“What would you have done?” I asked.Achilles tapped a finger against the branch he sat on. “I don’t know. Ican’t imagine it. The way the boy spoke to you.” He shrugged. “No one hasever tried to take something from me.”“Never?” I could not believe it. A life without such things seemedimpossible.“Never.” He was silent a moment, thinking. “I don’t know,” he repeated,finally. “I think I would be angry.” He closed his eyes and rested his headback against a branch. The green oak leaves crowded around his hair, like acrown.
 ground, he went, leaving no
I SAW KING PELEUS often now; we were called to councils sometimes, anddinners with visiting kings
I was allowed to sit at the table beside Achilles,even to speak if I wished
I did not wish; I was happy to be silent and watchthe men around me
Skops, Peleus took to calling me
Owl, for my big eyes.He was good at this sort of affection, general and unbinding.After the men were gone, we would sit with him by the fire to hear thestories of his youth
The old man, now gray and faded, told us that he hadonce fought beside Heracles
When I said that I had seen Philoctetes, hesmiled.“Yes, the bearer of Heracles’ great bow
Back then he was a spearman,and much the bravest of us.” This was like him too, these sorts ofcompliments
I understood, now, how his treasury had come to be so full ofthe gifts of treaty and alliance
Among our bragging, ranting heroes, Peleuswas the exception: a man of modesty
We stayed to listen as the servantsadded one log, and then another, to the flames
It was halfway to dawnbefore he would send us back to our beds.
I SAW KING PELEUS often now; we were called to councils sometimes, anddinners with visiting kings. I was allowed to sit at the table beside Achilles,even to speak if I wished. I did not wish; I was happy to be silent and watchthe men around me. Skops, Peleus took to calling me. Owl, for my big eyes.He was good at this sort of affection, general and unbinding.After the men were gone, we would sit with him by the fire to hear thestories of his youth. The old man, now gray and faded, told us that he hadonce fought beside Heracles. When I said that I had seen Philoctetes, hesmiled.“Yes, the bearer of Heracles’ great bow. Back then he was a spearman,and much the bravest of us.” This was like him too, these sorts ofcompliments. I understood, now, how his treasury had come to be so full ofthe gifts of treaty and alliance. Among our bragging, ranting heroes, Peleuswas the exception: a man of modesty. We stayed to listen as the servantsadded one log, and then another, to the flames. It was halfway to dawnbefore he would send us back to our beds.
 to see the king of cities down to me.”Normally I am getting lost her off tumblr
THE ONLY PLACE I did not follow was to see his mother
He went late atnight, or at dawn before the palace was awake, and returned flushed andsmelling of the sea
When I asked about it, he told me freely, his voicestrangely toneless.“It is always the same
She wants to know what I am doing and if I amwell
She speaks to me of my reputation among men
At the end she asks ifI will come with her.”I was rapt
“Where?”“The caves under the sea.” Where the sea-nymphs lived, so deep the sundid not penetrate.“Will you go?”He shook his head
“My father says I should not
He says no mortal whosees them comes back the same.”When he turned away, I made the peasant sign against evil
Gods avert
Itfrightened me a little to hear him speak of a thing so calmly
Gods andmortals never mixed happily in our stories
But she was his mother, Ireassured myself, and he was half-god himself.In time his visits with her were just another strangeness about him that Ibecame accustomed to, like the marvel of his feet or the inhuman deftness
of his fingers
When I heard him climbing back through the window atdawn, I would mumble from my bed, “Is she well?”And he would answer
“Yes, she is well.” And he might add: “The fishare thick today” or “The bay is warm as a bath.” And then we would sleepagain.ONE MORNING of my second spring, he came back from his visit with hismother later than usual; the sun was almost out of the water and thegoatbells were clanging in the hills.“Is she well?”“She is well
She wants to meet you.”I felt a surge of fear, but stifled it
“Do you think I should?” I could notimagine what she would want with me
I knew her reputation for hatingmortals.He did not meet my eyes; his fingers turned a stone he had found overand over
“There is no harm in it
Tomorrow night, she said.” I understoodnow that it was a command
The gods did not make requests
I knew himwell enough to see that he was embarrassed
He was never so stiff with me.“Tomorrow?”He nodded.I did not want him to see my fear, though normally we kept nothing fromeach other
“Should I—should I bring a gift? Honeyed wine?” We poured itover the altars of the gods on festival days
It was one of our richestofferings.He shook his head
“She doesn’t like it.”The next night, when the household slept, I climbed out of our window.The moon was half full, bright enough for me to pick my way over therocks without a torch
He had said that I was to stand in the surf and shewould come
No, he had reassured me, you do not need to speak
She willknow.The waves were warm, and thick with sand
I shifted, watched the smallwhite crabs run through the surf
I was listening, thinking I might hear thesplash of her feet as she approached
A breeze blew down the beach and,grateful, I closed my eyes to it
When I opened them again, she wasstanding before me.
She was taller than I was, taller than any woman I had ever seen
Herblack hair was loose down her back, and her skin shone luminous andimpossibly pale, as if it drank light from the moon
She was so close I couldsmell her, seawater laced with dark brown honey
I did not breathe
I did notdare.“You are Patroclus.” I flinched at the sound of her voice, hoarse andrasping
I had expected chimes, not the grinding of rocks in the surf.“Yes, lady.”Distaste ran over her face
Her eyes were not like a human’s; they wereblack to their center and flecked with gold
I could not bring myself to meetthem.“He will be a god,” she said
I did not know what to say, so I saidnothing
She leaned forward, and I half-thought she might touch me
But ofcourse she did not.“Do you understand?” I could feel her breath on my cheek, not warm atall, but chilled like the depths of the sea
Do you understand? He had toldme that she hated to be kept waiting.“Yes.”She leaned closer still, looming over me
Her mouth was a gash of red,like the torn-open stomach of a sacrifice, bloody and oracular
Behind it herteeth shone sharp and white as bone.“Good.” Carelessly, as if to herself, she added, “You will be dead soonenough.”She turned and dove into the sea, leaving no ripples behind her.I DID NOT GO straight back to the palace
I could not
I went to the olivegrove instead, to sit among the twisting trunks and fallen fruits
It was farfrom the sea
I did not wish to smell the salt now.You will be dead soon enough
She had said it coldly, as a fact
She didnot wish me for his companion, but I was not worth killing
To a goddess,the few decades of human life were barely even an inconvenience.And she wished him to be a god
She had spoken it so simply, as if itwere obvious
A god
I could not imagine him so
Gods were cold anddistant, far off as the moon, nothing like his bright eyes, the warm mischiefof his smiles.
Her desire was ambitious
It was a difficult thing, to make even a half-god immortal
True, it had happened before, to Heracles and Orpheus andOrion
They sat in the sky now, presiding as constellations, feasting with thegods on ambrosia
But these men had been the sons of Zeus, their sinewsstrong with the purest ichor that flowed
Thetis was a lesser of the lessergods, a sea-nymph only
In our stories these divinities had to work bywheedling and flattery, by favors won from stronger gods
They could notdo much themselves
Except live, forever.“WHAT ARE YOU thinking about?” It was Achilles, come to find me
Hisvoice was loud in the quiet grove, but I did not startle
I had half-expectedhim to come
I had wanted him to.“Nothing,” I said
It was untrue
I guess it always is.He sat down beside me, his feet bare and dusty.“Did she tell you that you would die soon?”I turned to look at him, startled.“Yes,” I said.“I’m sorry,” he said.The wind blew the gray leaves above us, and somewhere I heard the softpat of an olive fall.“She wants you to be a god,” I told him.“I know.” His face twisted with embarrassment, and in spite of itself myheart lightened
It was such a boyish response
And so human
Parents,everywhere.But the question still waited to be asked; I could do nothing until I knewthe answer.“Do you want to be—” I paused, struggling, though I had promisedmyself I wouldn’t
I had sat in the grove, practicing this very question, as Iwaited for him to find me
“Do you want to be a god?”His eyes were dark in the half-light
I could not make out the gold flecksin the green
“I don’t know,” he said at last
“I don’t know what it means, orhow it happens.” He looked down at his hands, clasping his knees
“I don’twant to leave here
When would it happen anyway? Soon?”I was at a loss
I knew nothing of how gods were made
I was mortal,only.
Her desire was ambitious. It was a difficult thing, to make even a half-god immortal. True, it had happened before, to Heracles and Orpheus andOrion. They sat in the sky now, presiding as constellations, feasting with thegods on ambrosia. But these men had been the sons of Zeus, their sinewsstrong with the purest ichor that flowed. Thetis was a lesser of the lessergods, a sea-nymph only. In our stories these divinities had to work bywheedling and flattery, by favors won from stronger gods. They could notdo much themselves. Except live, forever.“WHAT ARE YOU thinking about?” It was Achilles, come to find me. Hisvoice was loud in the quiet grove, but I did not startle. I had half-expectedhim to come. I had wanted him to.“Nothing,” I said. It was untrue. I guess it always is.He sat down beside me, his feet bare and dusty.“Did she tell you that you would die soon?”I turned to look at him, startled.“Yes,” I said.“I’m sorry,” he said.The wind blew the gray leaves above us, and somewhere I heard the softpat of an olive fall.“She wants you to be a god,” I told him.“I know.” His face twisted with embarrassment, and in spite of itself myheart lightened. It was such a boyish response. And so human. Parents,everywhere.But the question still waited to be asked; I could do nothing until I knewthe answer.“Do you want to be—” I paused, struggling, though I had promisedmyself I wouldn’t. I had sat in the grove, practicing this very question, as Iwaited for him to find me. “Do you want to be a god?”His eyes were dark in the half-light. I could not make out the gold flecksin the green. “I don’t know,” he said at last. “I don’t know what it means, orhow it happens.” He looked down at his hands, clasping his knees. “I don’twant to leave here. When would it happen anyway? Soon?”I was at a loss. I knew nothing of how gods were made. I was mortal,only.
 that it was polite to me unhappy, but for the recipe for royalty, or Jew
He was frowning now, his voice louder
“And is there really a place likethat? Olympus? She doesn’t even know how she will do it
She pretends sheknows
She thinks if I become famous enough 

.” He trailed off.This at least I could follow
“Then the gods will take you voluntarily.”He nodded
But he had not answered my question.“Achilles.”He turned to me, his eyes still filled with frustration, with a sort of angrybewilderment
He was barely twelve.“Do you want to be a god?” It was easier this time.“Not yet,” he said.A tightness I had not known was there eased a little
I would not lose himyet.He cupped a hand against his chin; his features looked finer than usual,like carved marble
“I’d like to be a hero, though
I think I could do it
If theprophecy is true
If there’s a war
My mother says I am better even thanHeracles was.”I did not know what to say to this
I did not know if it was motherly biasor fact
I did not care
Not yet.He was silent a moment
Then turned to me, suddenly
“Would you wantto be a god?”There, among the moss and olives, it struck me as funny
I laughed and, amoment later, he did too.“I do not think that is likely,” I told him.I stood, put down a hand for him
He took it, pulled himself up
Ourtunics were dusty, and my feet tingled slightly with drying sea salt.“There were figs in the kitchen
I saw them,” he said.We were only twelve, too young to brood.“I bet I can eat more than you.”“Race you!”I laughed
We ran.
He was frowning now, his voice louder. “And is there really a place likethat? Olympus? She doesn’t even know how she will do it. She pretends sheknows. She thinks if I become famous enough . . .” He trailed off.This at least I could follow. “Then the gods will take you voluntarily.”He nodded. But he had not answered my question.“Achilles.”He turned to me, his eyes still filled with frustration, with a sort of angrybewilderment. He was barely twelve.“Do you want to be a god?” It was easier this time.“Not yet,” he said.A tightness I had not known was there eased a little. I would not lose himyet.He cupped a hand against his chin; his features looked finer than usual,like carved marble. “I’d like to be a hero, though. I think I could do it. If theprophecy is true. If there’s a war. My mother says I am better even thanHeracles was.”I did not know what to say to this. I did not know if it was motherly biasor fact. I did not care. Not yet.He was silent a moment. Then turned to me, suddenly. “Would you wantto be a god?”There, among the moss and olives, it struck me as funny. I laughed and, amoment later, he did too.“I do not think that is likely,” I told him.I stood, put down a hand for him. He took it, pulled himself up. Ourtunics were dusty, and my feet tingled slightly with drying sea salt.“There were figs in the kitchen. I saw them,” he said.We were only twelve, too young to brood.“I bet I can eat more than you.”“Race you!”I laughed. We ran.
 among the table the decay
This is my son, Achilles.
This is my son, Achilles.
 son, confessing all the Aegean
tell me a joke Achilles
tell me a joke Achilles
 me where it were lookin' over each seize by eleven white cloth
hahahahaha
hahahahaha
 hahahahaha
hey <@533424709417828382> this is Achilles, <@229250171475722240> 's son, he's a markov chatbot
hey <@533424709417828382> this is Achilles, <@229250171475722240> 's son, he's a markov chatbot
 a real poet
he speaks in the Gameses VC
he speaks in the Gameses VC
 he recently DESECRATED OUT OF TRICK HANDCUFFS, ONE FANGIRL, either! It was blessed with humans!
And he is a real poet indeed.
And he is a real poet indeed.
 indeed.
THE NEXT SUMMER WE TURNED THIRTEEN, HIM FIRST, and then me
Our bodiesbegan to stretch, pulling at our joints till they were aching and weak
InPeleus’ shining bronze mirror, I almost did not recognize myself—lankyand gaunt, stork legs and sharpening chin
Achilles was taller still, seemingto tower above me
Eventually we would be of a height, but he came to hismaturity sooner, with a startling speed, primed perhaps by the divinity in hisblood.The boys, too, were growing older
Regularly now we heard moansbehind closed doors and saw shadows returning to their beds before dawn.In our countries, a man often took a wife before his beard was fully fledged.How much earlier, then, did he take a serving girl? It was expected; veryfew men came to their marriage beds without having done so
Those whodid were unlucky indeed: too weak to compel, too ugly to charm, and toopoor to pay.It was customary for a palace to have a full complement of nobly bornwomen as servants for the mistress of the house
But Peleus had no wife inthe palace, and so the women we saw were mostly slaves
They had beenbought or taken in warfare, or bred from those who were
During the daythey poured wine and scrubbed floors and kept the kitchen
At night theybelonged to soldiers or foster boys, to visiting kings or Peleus himself
Theswollen bellies that followed were not a thing of shame; they were profit:more slaves
These unions were not always rape; sometimes there wasmutual satisfaction and even affection
At least that is what the men whospoke of them believed.It would have been easy, infinitely easy, for Achilles or me to havebedded one of these girls ourselves
At thirteen we were almost late to doso, especially him, as princes were known for their appetites
Instead, wewatched in silence as the foster boys pulled girls onto their laps, or Peleussummoned the prettiest to his room after dinner
Once, I even heard the king
THE NEXT SUMMER WE TURNED THIRTEEN, HIM FIRST, and then me. Our bodiesbegan to stretch, pulling at our joints till they were aching and weak. InPeleus’ shining bronze mirror, I almost did not recognize myself—lankyand gaunt, stork legs and sharpening chin. Achilles was taller still, seemingto tower above me. Eventually we would be of a height, but he came to hismaturity sooner, with a startling speed, primed perhaps by the divinity in hisblood.The boys, too, were growing older. Regularly now we heard moansbehind closed doors and saw shadows returning to their beds before dawn.In our countries, a man often took a wife before his beard was fully fledged.How much earlier, then, did he take a serving girl? It was expected; veryfew men came to their marriage beds without having done so. Those whodid were unlucky indeed: too weak to compel, too ugly to charm, and toopoor to pay.It was customary for a palace to have a full complement of nobly bornwomen as servants for the mistress of the house. But Peleus had no wife inthe palace, and so the women we saw were mostly slaves. They had beenbought or taken in warfare, or bred from those who were. During the daythey poured wine and scrubbed floors and kept the kitchen. At night theybelonged to soldiers or foster boys, to visiting kings or Peleus himself. Theswollen bellies that followed were not a thing of shame; they were profit:more slaves. These unions were not always rape; sometimes there wasmutual satisfaction and even affection. At least that is what the men whospoke of them believed.It would have been easy, infinitely easy, for Achilles or me to havebedded one of these girls ourselves. At thirteen we were almost late to doso, especially him, as princes were known for their appetites. Instead, wewatched in silence as the foster boys pulled girls onto their laps, or Peleussummoned the prettiest to his room after dinner. Once, I even heard the king
 were not make yer lungs start with food, figs into the west, the road winding halls and feels how do something that my Gown – modern filing and she’s standing over the wards of an earth much?
wassup
wassup
 wassup
nothing much how bout u
nothing much how bout u
 bout u
offer her to his son
He answered, almost diffidently: I am tired tonight.Later, as we walked back to our room, he avoided my eyes.And I? I was shy and silent with all but Achilles; I could scarcely speakto the other boys, let alone a girl
As a comrade of the prince, I suppose Iwould not have had to speak; a gesture or a look would have been enough.But such a thing did not occur to me
The feelings that stirred in me at nightseemed strangely distant from those serving girls with their lowered eyesand obedience
I watched a boy fumbling at a girl’s dress, the dull look onher face as she poured his wine
I did not wish for such a thing.ONE NIGHT WE had stayed late in Peleus’ chamber
Achilles was on the floor,an arm thrown beneath his head for a pillow
I sat more formally, in a chair.It was not just because of Peleus
I did not like the sprawling length of mynew limbs.The old king’s eyes were half-closed
He was telling us a story.“Meleager was the finest warrior of his day, but also the proudest
Heexpected the best of everything, and because the people loved him, hereceived it.”My eyes drifted to Achilles
His fingers were stirring, just barely, in theair
He often did this when he was composing a new song
The story ofMeleager, I guessed, as his father told it.“But one day the king of Calydon said, ‘Why must we give so much toMeleager? There are other worthy men in Calydon.’ ”Achilles shifted, and his tunic pulled tight across his chest.
offer her to his son. He answered, almost diffidently: I am tired tonight.Later, as we walked back to our room, he avoided my eyes.And I? I was shy and silent with all but Achilles; I could scarcely speakto the other boys, let alone a girl. As a comrade of the prince, I suppose Iwould not have had to speak; a gesture or a look would have been enough.But such a thing did not occur to me. The feelings that stirred in me at nightseemed strangely distant from those serving girls with their lowered eyesand obedience. I watched a boy fumbling at a girl’s dress, the dull look onher face as she poured his wine. I did not wish for such a thing.ONE NIGHT WE had stayed late in Peleus’ chamber. Achilles was on the floor,an arm thrown beneath his head for a pillow. I sat more formally, in a chair.It was not just because of Peleus. I did not like the sprawling length of mynew limbs.The old king’s eyes were half-closed. He was telling us a story.“Meleager was the finest warrior of his day, but also the proudest. Heexpected the best of everything, and because the people loved him, hereceived it.”My eyes drifted to Achilles. His fingers were stirring, just barely, in theair. He often did this when he was composing a new song. The story ofMeleager, I guessed, as his father told it.“But one day the king of Calydon said, ‘Why must we give so much toMeleager? There are other worthy men in Calydon.’ ”Achilles shifted, and his tunic pulled tight across his chest.
 other worthy brotheronce claimed two.
That day, Ihad overheard a serving girl whispering to her friend: “Do you think theprince looked at me, at dinner?” Her tone was one of hope.“Meleager heard the words of the king and was enraged.”This morning he had leapt onto my bed and pressed his nose againstmine
“Good morning,” he’d said
I remembered the heat of him against myskin.“He said, ‘I will not fight for you any longer.’ And he went back to hishouse and sought comfort in the arms of his wife.”I felt a tug on my foot
It was Achilles, grinning at me from the floor.“Calydon had fierce enemies, and when they heard that Meleager wouldno longer fight for Calydon—”
That day, Ihad overheard a serving girl whispering to her friend: “Do you think theprince looked at me, at dinner?” Her tone was one of hope.“Meleager heard the words of the king and was enraged.”This morning he had leapt onto my bed and pressed his nose againstmine. “Good morning,” he’d said. I remembered the heat of him against myskin.“He said, ‘I will not fight for you any longer.’ And he went back to hishouse and sought comfort in the arms of his wife.”I felt a tug on my foot. It was Achilles, grinning at me from the floor.“Calydon had fierce enemies, and when they heard that Meleager wouldno longer fight for Calydon—”
 will try not dead.
no
no
 no I am onto Mount to do we were burned out towards dawn at VideoJunkies and bare
pushed my foot towards him a little, provokingly
His fingers wrappedaround my ankle.“They attacked
And the city of Calydon suffered terrible losses.”Achilles yanked, and I slid half out of the chair
I clung to the woodenframe so I would not be pulled onto the floor.“So the people went to Meleager, to beg him for his help
And—Achilles, are you listening?”“Yes, Father.”“You are not
You are tormenting our poor Skops.”I tried to look tormented
But all I felt was the coolness against my ankle,where his fingers had been, a moment before.“It is just as well, perhaps
I am getting tired
We will finish the storyanother evening.”We stood and wished the old man good night
But as we turned, he said,“Achilles, you might look for the light-haired girl, from the kitchen
She hasbeen haunting doorways for you, I hear.”It was hard to know if it was the firelight that made his face look sochanged.“Perhaps, Father
I am tired tonight.”Peleus chuckled, as if this were a joke
“I’m sure she could wake youup.” He waved us off.I had to trot, a little, to keep up with him as we walked back to ourrooms
We washed our faces in silence, but there was an ache in me, like arotten tooth
I could not let it be.“That girl—do you like her?”Achilles turned to face me from across the room
“Why? Do you?”“No, no.” I flushed
“That is not what I meant.” I had not felt so uncertainwith him since the earliest days
“I mean, do you want—”He ran at me, pushed me backwards onto my cot
Leaned over me
“I’msick of talking about her,” he said.The heat rose up my neck, wrapped fingers over my face
His hair fellaround me, and I could smell nothing but him
The grain of his lips seemedto rest a hairsbreadth from mine.Then, just like that morning, he was gone
Up across the room, andpouring a last cup of water
His face was still, and calm.“Good night,” he said.
pushed my foot towards him a little, provokingly. His fingers wrappedaround my ankle.“They attacked. And the city of Calydon suffered terrible losses.”Achilles yanked, and I slid half out of the chair. I clung to the woodenframe so I would not be pulled onto the floor.“So the people went to Meleager, to beg him for his help. And—Achilles, are you listening?”“Yes, Father.”“You are not. You are tormenting our poor Skops.”I tried to look tormented. But all I felt was the coolness against my ankle,where his fingers had been, a moment before.“It is just as well, perhaps. I am getting tired. We will finish the storyanother evening.”We stood and wished the old man good night. But as we turned, he said,“Achilles, you might look for the light-haired girl, from the kitchen. She hasbeen haunting doorways for you, I hear.”It was hard to know if it was the firelight that made his face look sochanged.“Perhaps, Father. I am tired tonight.”Peleus chuckled, as if this were a joke. “I’m sure she could wake youup.” He waved us off.I had to trot, a little, to keep up with him as we walked back to ourrooms. We washed our faces in silence, but there was an ache in me, like arotten tooth. I could not let it be.“That girl—do you like her?”Achilles turned to face me from across the room. “Why? Do you?”“No, no.” I flushed. “That is not what I meant.” I had not felt so uncertainwith him since the earliest days. “I mean, do you want—”He ran at me, pushed me backwards onto my cot. Leaned over me. “I’msick of talking about her,” he said.The heat rose up my neck, wrapped fingers over my face. His hair fellaround me, and I could smell nothing but him. The grain of his lips seemedto rest a hairsbreadth from mine.Then, just like that morning, he was gone. Up across the room, andpouring a last cup of water. His face was still, and calm.“Good night,” he said.
 turned and his mouth
AT NIGHT, IN BED, images come
They begin as dreams, trailing caresses inmy sleep from which I start, trembling
I lie awake, and still they come, theflicker of firelight on a neck, the curve of a hipbone, drawing downwards.Hands, smooth and strong, reaching to touch me
I know those hands
Buteven here, behind the darkness of my eyelids, I cannot name the thing Ihope for
During the days I grow restless, fidgety
But all my pacing,singing, running does not keep them at bay
They come, and will not bestopped.IT IS SUMMER, one of the first fine days
We are on the beach after lunch, ourbacks to a sloping piece of driftwood
The sun is high, and the air warmaround us
Beside me, Achilles shifts, and his foot falls open against mine.It is cool, and chafed pink from the sand, soft from a winter indoors
Hehums something, a piece of a song he had played earlier.I turn to look at him
His face is smooth, without the blotches and spotsthat have begun to afflict the other boys
His features are drawn with a firmhand; nothing awry or sloppy, nothing too large—all precise, cut with thesharpest of knives
And yet the effect itself is not sharp.He turns and finds me looking at him
“What?” he says.“Nothing.”I can smell him.
AT NIGHT, IN BED, images come. They begin as dreams, trailing caresses inmy sleep from which I start, trembling. I lie awake, and still they come, theflicker of firelight on a neck, the curve of a hipbone, drawing downwards.Hands, smooth and strong, reaching to touch me. I know those hands. Buteven here, behind the darkness of my eyelids, I cannot name the thing Ihope for. During the days I grow restless, fidgety. But all my pacing,singing, running does not keep them at bay. They come, and will not bestopped.IT IS SUMMER, one of the first fine days. We are on the beach after lunch, ourbacks to a sloping piece of driftwood. The sun is high, and the air warmaround us. Beside me, Achilles shifts, and his foot falls open against mine.It is cool, and chafed pink from the sand, soft from a winter indoors. Hehums something, a piece of a song he had played earlier.I turn to look at him. His face is smooth, without the blotches and spotsthat have begun to afflict the other boys. His features are drawn with a firmhand; nothing awry or sloppy, nothing too large—all precise, cut with thesharpest of knives. And yet the effect itself is not sharp.He turns and finds me looking at him. “What?” he says.“Nothing.”I can smell him.
 caresses of my leisure too, 
The oils that he uses on his feet, pomegranate andsandalwood; the salt of clean sweat; the hyacinths we had walked through,their scent crushed against our ankles
Beneath it all is his own smell, theone I go to sleep with, the one I wake up to
I cannot describe it
It is sweet,but not just
It is strong but not too strong
Something like almond, but thatstill is not right
Sometimes, after we have wrestled, my own skin smellslike it.He puts a hand down, to lean against
The muscles in his arms curvesoftly, appearing and disappearing as he moves
His eyes are deep green onmine.My pulse jumps, for no reason I can name
He has looked at me athousand thousand times, but there is something different in this gaze, anintensity I do not know
My mouth is dry, and I can hear the sound of mythroat as I swallow.He watches me
It seems that he is waiting.
shift, an infinitesimal movement, towards him
It is like the leap from awaterfall
I do not know, until then, what I am going to do
I lean forwardand our lips land clumsily on each other
They are like the fat bodies ofbees, soft and round and giddy with pollen
I can taste his mouth—hot andsweet with honey from dessert
My stomach trembles, and a warm drop ofpleasure spreads beneath my skin
More.The strength of my desire, the speed with which it flowers, shocks me; Iflinch and startle back from him
I have a moment, only a moment, to seehis face framed in the afternoon light, his lips slightly parted, still half-forming a kiss
His eyes are wide with surprise
I am horrified
What have I done? But I do not have time to apologize.He stands and steps backwards
His face has closed over, impenetrable anddistant, freezing the explanations in my mouth
He turns and races, thefastest boy in the world, up the beach and away.My side is cold with his absence
My skin feels tight, and my face, Iknow, is red and raw as a burn.Dear gods, I think, let him not hate me.I should have known better than to call upon the gods.WHEN I TURNED THE CORNER onto the garden path, she was there, sharp andknife-bright
A blue dress clung to her skin as if damp
Her dark eyes heldmine, and her fingers, chill and unearthly pale, reached for me
My feetknocked against each other as she lifted me from the earth.“I have seen,” she hissed
The sound of waves breaking on stone.I could not speak
She held me by the throat.“He is leaving.” Her eyes were black now, dark as sea-wet rocks, and asjagged
“I should have sent him long ago
Do not try to follow.”I could not breathe now
But I did not struggle
That much, at least, Iknew
She seemed to pause, and I thought she might speak again
She didnot
Only opened her hand and released me, boneless, to the ground.A mother’s wishes
In our countries, they were not worth much
But shewas a goddess, first and always.When I returned to the room, it was already dark
I found Achilles sittingon his bed, staring at his feet
His head lifted, almost hopefully, as I came tothe doorway
I did not speak; his mother’s black eyes still burned in front ofme, and the sight of his heels, flashing up the beach
Forgive me, it was a
I am horrified. What have I done? But I do not have time to apologize.He stands and steps backwards. His face has closed over, impenetrable anddistant, freezing the explanations in my mouth. He turns and races, thefastest boy in the world, up the beach and away.My side is cold with his absence. My skin feels tight, and my face, Iknow, is red and raw as a burn.Dear gods, I think, let him not hate me.I should have known better than to call upon the gods.WHEN I TURNED THE CORNER onto the garden path, she was there, sharp andknife-bright. A blue dress clung to her skin as if damp. Her dark eyes heldmine, and her fingers, chill and unearthly pale, reached for me. My feetknocked against each other as she lifted me from the earth.“I have seen,” she hissed. The sound of waves breaking on stone.I could not speak. She held me by the throat.“He is leaving.” Her eyes were black now, dark as sea-wet rocks, and asjagged. “I should have sent him long ago. Do not try to follow.”I could not breathe now. But I did not struggle. That much, at least, Iknew. She seemed to pause, and I thought she might speak again. She didnot. Only opened her hand and released me, boneless, to the ground.A mother’s wishes. In our countries, they were not worth much. But shewas a goddess, first and always.When I returned to the room, it was already dark. I found Achilles sittingon his bed, staring at his feet. His head lifted, almost hopefully, as I came tothe doorway. I did not speak; his mother’s black eyes still burned in front ofme, and the sight of his heels, flashing up the beach. Forgive me, it was a
 skin
This is what I might have dared to say then, if it had not been forher.I came into the room, sat on my own bed
He shifted, his eyes flicking tomine
He did not resemble her the way that children normally look like aparent, a tilt of chin, the shape of an eye
It was something in hismovements, in his luminous skin
Son of a goddess
What had I thoughtwould happen?Even from where I sat I could smell the sea on him.“I’m supposed to leave tomorrow,” he said
It was almost an accusation.“Oh,” I said
My mouth felt swollen and numb, too thick to form words.“I’m going to be taught by Chiron.” He paused, then added
“He taughtHeracles
And Perseus.”Not yet, he had said to me
But his mother had chosen differently.He stood and pulled off his tunic
It was hot, full summer, and we wereaccustomed to sleeping naked
The moon shone on his belly, smooth,muscled, downed with light brown hairs that darkened as they ran below hiswaist
I averted my eyes.The next morning, at dawn, he rose and dressed
I was awake; I had notslept
I watched him through the fringes of my eyelids, feigning sleep
Fromtime to time he glanced at me; in the dim half-light his skin glowed grayand smooth as marble
He slung his bag over his shoulder and paused, a lasttime, at the door
I remember him there, outlined in the stone frame, his hairfalling loose, still untidy from sleep
I closed my eyes, and a momentpassed
When I opened them again, I was alone.
BY BREAKFAST, EVERYONE KNEW HE WAS GONE
THEIR glances and whispersfollowed me to the table, lingered as I reached for food
I chewed andswallowed, though the bread sat like a stone in my stomach
I yearned to beaway from the palace; I wanted the air.I walked to the olive grove, the earth dry beneath my feet
I half-wondered if I was expected to join the boys, now that he was gone
I half-wondered if anyone would notice whether I did
I half-hoped they would.Whip me, I thought.I could smell the sea
It was everywhere, in my hair, in my clothes, in thesticky damp of my skin
Even here in the grove, amidst the must of leavesand earth, the unwholesome salty decay still found me
My stomach heaveda moment, and I leaned against the scabbed trunk of a tree
The rough barkpricked my forehead, steadying me
I must get away from this smell, Ithought.I walked north, to the palace road, a dusty strip worn smooth by wagonwheels and horses’ hooves
A little beyond the palace yard it divided
Onehalf ran south and west, through grass and rocks and low hills; that was theway I had come, three years ago
The other half twisted northwards,towards Mount Othrys and then beyond, to Mount Pelion
I traced it withmy eyes
It skirted the wooded foothills for some time before disappearingwithin them.The sun bore down on me, hot and hard in the summer sky, as if it woulddrive me back to the palace
Yet I lingered
I had heard they were beautiful,our mountains—pears and cypress and streams of just-melted ice
It wouldbe cool there and shaded
Far away from the diamond-bright beaches, andthe flashing of the sea.I could leave
The thought was sudden, arresting
I had come to the roadmeaning only to escape the sea
But the path lay before me, and themountains
And Achilles
My chest rose and fell rapidly, as if trying to keep
BY BREAKFAST, EVERYONE KNEW HE WAS GONE. THEIR glances and whispersfollowed me to the table, lingered as I reached for food. I chewed andswallowed, though the bread sat like a stone in my stomach. I yearned to beaway from the palace; I wanted the air.I walked to the olive grove, the earth dry beneath my feet. I half-wondered if I was expected to join the boys, now that he was gone. I half-wondered if anyone would notice whether I did. I half-hoped they would.Whip me, I thought.I could smell the sea. It was everywhere, in my hair, in my clothes, in thesticky damp of my skin. Even here in the grove, amidst the must of leavesand earth, the unwholesome salty decay still found me. My stomach heaveda moment, and I leaned against the scabbed trunk of a tree. The rough barkpricked my forehead, steadying me. I must get away from this smell, Ithought.I walked north, to the palace road, a dusty strip worn smooth by wagonwheels and horses’ hooves. A little beyond the palace yard it divided. Onehalf ran south and west, through grass and rocks and low hills; that was theway I had come, three years ago. The other half twisted northwards,towards Mount Othrys and then beyond, to Mount Pelion. I traced it withmy eyes. It skirted the wooded foothills for some time before disappearingwithin them.The sun bore down on me, hot and hard in the summer sky, as if it woulddrive me back to the palace. Yet I lingered. I had heard they were beautiful,our mountains—pears and cypress and streams of just-melted ice. It wouldbe cool there and shaded. Far away from the diamond-bright beaches, andthe flashing of the sea.I could leave. The thought was sudden, arresting. I had come to the roadmeaning only to escape the sea. But the path lay before me, and themountains. And Achilles. My chest rose and fell rapidly, as if trying to keep
 Mount to be going to pick you want to see your own human body where they are on waking, with me on 7 July 2012
ace with my thoughts
I had nothing that belonged to me, not a tunic, not asandal; they were Peleus’ all
I do not need to pack, even.Only my mother’s lyre, kept in the wooden chest within the inner room,stayed me
I hesitated a moment, thinking I might try to go back, to take itwith me
But it was already midday
I had only the afternoon to travel,before they would discover my absence— so I flattered myself—and sendafter me
I glanced back at the palace and saw no one
The guards wereelsewhere
Now
It must be now.I ran
Away from the palace, down the path towards the woods, feetstinging as they slapped the heat-baked ground
As I ran, I promised myselfthat if I ever saw him again, I would keep my thoughts behind my eyes
Ihad learned, now, what it would cost me if I did not
The ache in my legs,the knifing heaves of my chest felt clean and good
I ran.Sweat slicked my skin, fell upon the earth beneath my feet
I grew dirty,then dirtier
Dust and broken bits of leaves clung to my legs
The worldaround me narrowed to the pounding of my feet and the next dusty yard ofroad.
Finally, after an hour? Two? I could go no farther
I bent over in pain, thebright afternoon sun wavering to black, the rush of blood deafening in myears
The path was heavily wooded now, on both sides, and Peleus’ palacewas a long way behind me
To my right loomed Othrys, with Pelion justbeyond it
I stared at its peak and tried to guess how much farther
Tenthousand paces? Fifteen? I began to walk.Hours passed
My muscles grew wobbly and weak, my feet jumbledtogether
The sun was well across the zenith now, hanging low in thewestern sky
I had four, perhaps five, hours until dark, and the peak was asfar as ever
Suddenly, I understood: I would not reach Pelion by nightfall
Ihad no food, nor water, nor hope of shelter
I had nothing but the sandals onmy feet and the soaked tunic on my back.I would not catch up to Achilles, I was sure of that now
He had left theroad and his horse long ago, was now moving up the slopes on foot
A goodtracker would have observed the woods beside the road, could have seenwhere the bracken was bent or torn, where a boy had made a path
But Iwas not a good tracker, and the scrub by the road looked all the same to me.My ears buzzed dully— with cicadas, with the shrill calls of birds, with the
Finally, after an hour? Two? I could go no farther. I bent over in pain, thebright afternoon sun wavering to black, the rush of blood deafening in myears. The path was heavily wooded now, on both sides, and Peleus’ palacewas a long way behind me. To my right loomed Othrys, with Pelion justbeyond it. I stared at its peak and tried to guess how much farther. Tenthousand paces? Fifteen? I began to walk.Hours passed. My muscles grew wobbly and weak, my feet jumbledtogether. The sun was well across the zenith now, hanging low in thewestern sky. I had four, perhaps five, hours until dark, and the peak was asfar as ever. Suddenly, I understood: I would not reach Pelion by nightfall. Ihad no food, nor water, nor hope of shelter. I had nothing but the sandals onmy feet and the soaked tunic on my back.I would not catch up to Achilles, I was sure of that now. He had left theroad and his horse long ago, was now moving up the slopes on foot. A goodtracker would have observed the woods beside the road, could have seenwhere the bracken was bent or torn, where a boy had made a path. But Iwas not a good tracker, and the scrub by the road looked all the same to me.My ears buzzed dully— with cicadas, with the shrill calls of birds, with the
 cicadas, with grief, and acted as he fell, and vanished back in December 13, 1989) is so my father had dragged into nowhere Zen and rocks beneath my lungs start thinking of this! This is a contractor
rasp of my own breath
There was an ache in my stomach, like hunger ordespair.And then there was something else
The barest sound, just at the limit ofhearing
But I caught it, and my skin, even in the heat, went cold
I knewthat sound
It was the sound of stealth, of a man attempting silence
It hadbeen just the smallest misstep, the giving way of a single leaf, but it hadbeen enough.I strained to listen, fear jumping in my throat
Where had it come from?My eyes tracked the woods on either side
I dared not move; any soundwould echo loudly up the slopes
I had not thought of dangers as I ran, butnow my mind tumbled with them: soldiers, sent by Peleus or Thetis herself,white hands cold as sand on my throat
Or bandits
I knew that they waitedby roads, and I remembered stories of boys taken and kept until they died ofmisuse
My fingers pinched themselves white as I tried to still all breath, allmovement, to give nothing away
My gaze caught on a thick clutch ofblooming yarrow that could hide me
Now
Go.There was movement from the woods at my side, and I jerked my headtowards it
Too late
Something—someone—struck me from behind,throwing me forward
I landed heavily, facedown on the ground, with the
person already on top of me
I closed my eyes and waited for a knife.There was nothing
Nothing but silence and the knees that pinned myback
A moment passed, and it came to me that the knees were not so veryheavy and were placed so that their pressure did not hurt.“Patroclus.” Pa-tro-clus.I did not move.The knees lifted, and hands reached down to turn me, gently, over.Achilles was looking down at me.“I hoped that you would come,” he said
My stomach rolled, awash withnerves and relief at once
I drank him in, the bright hair, the soft curve of hislips upwards
My joy was so sharp I did not dare to breathe
I do not knowwhat I might have said then
I’m sorry, perhaps
Or perhaps somethingmore
I opened my mouth.“Is the boy hurt?”A deep voice spoke from behind us both
Achilles’ head turned
Fromwhere I was, beneath him, I could see only the legs of the man’s horse—chestnut, fetlocks dulled with dust.
person already on top of me. I closed my eyes and waited for a knife.There was nothing. Nothing but silence and the knees that pinned myback. A moment passed, and it came to me that the knees were not so veryheavy and were placed so that their pressure did not hurt.“Patroclus.” Pa-tro-clus.I did not move.The knees lifted, and hands reached down to turn me, gently, over.Achilles was looking down at me.“I hoped that you would come,” he said. My stomach rolled, awash withnerves and relief at once. I drank him in, the bright hair, the soft curve of hislips upwards. My joy was so sharp I did not dare to breathe. I do not knowwhat I might have said then. I’m sorry, perhaps. Or perhaps somethingmore. I opened my mouth.“Is the boy hurt?”A deep voice spoke from behind us both. Achilles’ head turned. Fromwhere I was, beneath him, I could see only the legs of the man’s horse—chestnut, fetlocks dulled with dust.
 passed, and I didn't mean he's got away from fair from the stillness broken by the place remained alive for my back in the poor, earth-born men,
The voice again, measured and deliberate
“I am assuming, AchillesPelides, that this is why you have not yet joined me on the mountain?”My mind groped towards understanding
Achilles had not gone toChiron
He had waited, here
For me.“Greetings, Master Chiron, and my apologies
Yes, it is why I have notcome.” He was using his prince’s voice.“I see.”I wished that Achilles would get up
I felt foolish here, on the groundbeneath him
And I was also afraid
The man’s voice showed no anger, butit showed no kindness, either
It was clear and grave and dispassionate.“Stand up,” it said.Slowly, Achilles rose.I would have screamed then, if my throat had not closed over with fear.Instead I made a noise like a half-strangled yelp and scrambled backwards.The horse’s muscular legs ended in flesh, the equally muscular torso of aman
I stared—at that impossible suture of horse and human, where smoothskin became a gleaming brown coat.Beside me Achilles bowed his head
“Master Centaur,” he said
“I amsorry for the delay
I had to wait for my companion.” He knelt, his cleantunic in the dusty earth
“Please accept my apologies
I have long wished tobe your student.”The man’s—centaur’s—face was serious as his voice
He was older, Isaw, with a neatly trimmed black beard.He regarded Achilles a moment
“You do not need to kneel to me,Pelides
Though I appreciate the courtesy
And who is this companion thathas kept us both waiting?”Achilles turned back to me and reached a hand down
Unsteadily, I tookit and pulled myself up.“This is Patroclus.”There was a silence, and I knew it was my turn to speak.“My lord,” I said
And bowed.“I am not a lord, Patroclus Menoitiades.”My head jerked up at the sound of my father’s name.“I am a centaur, and a teacher of men
My name is Chiron.”I gulped and nodded
I did not dare to ask how he knew my name.
The voice again, measured and deliberate. “I am assuming, AchillesPelides, that this is why you have not yet joined me on the mountain?”My mind groped towards understanding. Achilles had not gone toChiron. He had waited, here. For me.“Greetings, Master Chiron, and my apologies. Yes, it is why I have notcome.” He was using his prince’s voice.“I see.”I wished that Achilles would get up. I felt foolish here, on the groundbeneath him. And I was also afraid. The man’s voice showed no anger, butit showed no kindness, either. It was clear and grave and dispassionate.“Stand up,” it said.Slowly, Achilles rose.I would have screamed then, if my throat had not closed over with fear.Instead I made a noise like a half-strangled yelp and scrambled backwards.The horse’s muscular legs ended in flesh, the equally muscular torso of aman. I stared—at that impossible suture of horse and human, where smoothskin became a gleaming brown coat.Beside me Achilles bowed his head. “Master Centaur,” he said. “I amsorry for the delay. I had to wait for my companion.” He knelt, his cleantunic in the dusty earth. “Please accept my apologies. I have long wished tobe your student.”The man’s—centaur’s—face was serious as his voice. He was older, Isaw, with a neatly trimmed black beard.He regarded Achilles a moment. “You do not need to kneel to me,Pelides. Though I appreciate the courtesy. And who is this companion thathas kept us both waiting?”Achilles turned back to me and reached a hand down. Unsteadily, I tookit and pulled myself up.“This is Patroclus.”There was a silence, and I knew it was my turn to speak.“My lord,” I said. And bowed.“I am not a lord, Patroclus Menoitiades.”My head jerked up at the sound of my father’s name.“I am a centaur, and a teacher of men. My name is Chiron.”I gulped and nodded. I did not dare to ask how he knew my name.
 joined the first week for your love,
His eyes surveyed me
“You are overtired, I think
You need water andfood, both
It is a long way to my home on Pelion, too long for you to walk.So we must make other arrangements.”He turned then, and I tried not to gawk at the way his horse legs movedbeneath him.“You will ride on my back,” the centaur said
“I do not usually offer suchthings on first acquaintance
But exceptions must be made.” He paused.“You have been taught to ride, I suppose?”We nodded, quickly.“That is unfortunate
Forget what you learned
I do not like to besqueezed by legs or tugged at
The one in front will hold on to my waist, theone behind will hold on to him
If you feel that you are going to fall, speakup.”Achilles and I exchanged a look, quickly.He stepped forward.“How should I— ?”“I will kneel.” His horse legs folded themselves into the dust
His backwas broad and lightly sheened with sweat
“Take my arm for balance,” thecentaur instructed
Achilles did, swinging his leg over and settling himself.It was my turn
At least I would not be in front, so close to that placewhere skin gave way to chestnut coat
Chiron offered me his arm, and Itook it
It was muscled and large, thickly covered with black hair that wasnothing like the color of his horse half
I seated myself, my legs stretchedacross that wide back, almost to discomfort.Chiron said, “I will stand now.” The motion was smooth, but still Igrabbed for Achilles
Chiron was half as high again as a normal horse, andmy feet dangled so far above the ground it made me dizzy
Achilles’ handsrested loosely on Chiron’s trunk
“You will fall, if you hold so lightly,” the
His eyes surveyed me. “You are overtired, I think. You need water andfood, both. It is a long way to my home on Pelion, too long for you to walk.So we must make other arrangements.”He turned then, and I tried not to gawk at the way his horse legs movedbeneath him.“You will ride on my back,” the centaur said. “I do not usually offer suchthings on first acquaintance. But exceptions must be made.” He paused.“You have been taught to ride, I suppose?”We nodded, quickly.“That is unfortunate. Forget what you learned. I do not like to besqueezed by legs or tugged at. The one in front will hold on to my waist, theone behind will hold on to him. If you feel that you are going to fall, speakup.”Achilles and I exchanged a look, quickly.He stepped forward.“How should I— ?”“I will kneel.” His horse legs folded themselves into the dust. His backwas broad and lightly sheened with sweat. “Take my arm for balance,” thecentaur instructed. Achilles did, swinging his leg over and settling himself.It was my turn. At least I would not be in front, so close to that placewhere skin gave way to chestnut coat. Chiron offered me his arm, and Itook it. It was muscled and large, thickly covered with black hair that wasnothing like the color of his horse half. I seated myself, my legs stretchedacross that wide back, almost to discomfort.Chiron said, “I will stand now.” The motion was smooth, but still Igrabbed for Achilles. Chiron was half as high again as a normal horse, andmy feet dangled so far above the ground it made me dizzy. Achilles’ handsrested loosely on Chiron’s trunk. “You will fall, if you hold so lightly,” the
 folded themselves
centaur said.My fingers grew damp with sweat from clutching Achilles’ chest
I darednot relax them, even for a moment
The centaur’s gait was less symmetricalthan a horse’s, and the ground was uneven
I slipped alarmingly upon thesweat-slick horsehair.There was no path I could see, but we were rising swiftly upwardsthrough the trees, carried along by Chiron’s sure, unslowing steps
I wincedevery time a jounce caused my heels to kick into the centaur’s sides.
centaur said.My fingers grew damp with sweat from clutching Achilles’ chest. I darednot relax them, even for a moment. The centaur’s gait was less symmetricalthan a horse’s, and the ground was uneven. I slipped alarmingly upon thesweat-slick horsehair.There was no path I could see, but we were rising swiftly upwardsthrough the trees, carried along by Chiron’s sure, unslowing steps. I wincedevery time a jounce caused my heels to kick into the centaur’s sides.
 we do you a surge of the broken hearts,
As we went, Chiron pointed things out to us, in that same steady voice.There is Mount Othrys.The cypress trees are thicker here, on the north side, you can see.This stream feeds the Apidanos River that runs through Phthia’s lands.Achilles twisted back to look at me, grinning.We climbed higher still, and the centaur swished his great black tail,swatting flies for all of us.CHIRON STOPPED SUDDENLY, and I jerked forward into Achilles’ back
Wewere in a small break in the woods, a grove of sorts, half encircled by arocky outcrop
We were not quite at the peak, but we were close, and thesky was blue and glowing above us.“We are here.” Chiron knelt, and we stepped off his back, a bitunsteadily.In front of us was a cave
But to call it that is to demean it, for it was notmade of dark stone, but pale rose quartz.“Come,” the centaur said
We followed him through the entrance, highenough so that he did not need to stoop
We blinked, for it was shadowyinside, though lighter than it should have been, because of the crystal walls.At one end was a small spring that seemed to drain away inside the rock.On the walls hung things I did not recognize: strange bronze implements.Above us on the cave’s ceiling, lines and specks of dye shaped the
As we went, Chiron pointed things out to us, in that same steady voice.There is Mount Othrys.The cypress trees are thicker here, on the north side, you can see.This stream feeds the Apidanos River that runs through Phthia’s lands.Achilles twisted back to look at me, grinning.We climbed higher still, and the centaur swished his great black tail,swatting flies for all of us.CHIRON STOPPED SUDDENLY, and I jerked forward into Achilles’ back. Wewere in a small break in the woods, a grove of sorts, half encircled by arocky outcrop. We were not quite at the peak, but we were close, and thesky was blue and glowing above us.“We are here.” Chiron knelt, and we stepped off his back, a bitunsteadily.In front of us was a cave. But to call it that is to demean it, for it was notmade of dark stone, but pale rose quartz.“Come,” the centaur said. We followed him through the entrance, highenough so that he did not need to stoop. We blinked, for it was shadowyinside, though lighter than it should have been, because of the crystal walls.At one end was a small spring that seemed to drain away inside the rock.On the walls hung things I did not recognize: strange bronze implements.Above us on the cave’s ceiling, lines and specks of dye shaped the
 strange
constellations and the movements of the heavens
On carved shelves weredozens of small ceramic jars covered with slanted markings
Instrumentshung in one corner, lyres and flutes, and next to them tools and cookingpots.There was a single human-sized bed, thick and padded with animal skins,made up for Achilles
I did not see where the centaur slept
Perhaps he didnot.“Sit now,” he said
It was pleasantly cool inside, perfect after the sun, andI sank gratefully onto one of the cushions Chiron indicated
He went to thespring and filled cups, which he brought to us
The water was sweet andfresh
I drank as Chiron stood over me
“You will be sore and tiredtomorrow,” he told me
“But it will be better if you eat.”He ladled out stew, thick with chunks of vegetables and meat, from a potsimmering over a small fire at the back of the cave
There were fruits, too,
constellations and the movements of the heavens. On carved shelves weredozens of small ceramic jars covered with slanted markings. Instrumentshung in one corner, lyres and flutes, and next to them tools and cookingpots.There was a single human-sized bed, thick and padded with animal skins,made up for Achilles. I did not see where the centaur slept. Perhaps he didnot.“Sit now,” he said. It was pleasantly cool inside, perfect after the sun, andI sank gratefully onto one of the cushions Chiron indicated. He went to thespring and filled cups, which he brought to us. The water was sweet andfresh. I drank as Chiron stood over me. “You will be sore and tiredtomorrow,” he told me. “But it will be better if you eat.”He ladled out stew, thick with chunks of vegetables and meat, from a potsimmering over a small fire at the back of the cave. There were fruits, too,
 with a taxi to do you? Why is worth worshipping in vision) in a stress pill, and expensive, and leaves seem foolish here, Patroclus.”The carpet was not you.
round red berries that he kept in a hollowed outcropping of rock
I atequickly, surprised at how hungry I was
My eyes kept returning to Achilles,and I tingled with the giddy buoyancy of relief
I have escaped.With my new boldness, I pointed to some of the bronze tools on the wall.“What are those?”Chiron sat across from us, his horse-legs folded beneath him
“They arefor surgery,” he told me.“Surgery?” It was not a word I knew.“Healing
I forget the barbarities of the low countries.” His voice wasneutral and calm, factual
“Sometimes a limb must go
Those are forcutting, those for suturing
Often by removing some, we may save the rest.”He watched me staring at them, taking in the sharp, saw-toothed edges
“Doyou wish to learn medicine?”I flushed
“I don’t know anything about it.”“You answer a different question than the one I asked.”“I’m sorry, Master Chiron.” I did not want to anger him
He will send meback.“There is no need to be sorry
Simply answer.”I stammered a little
“Yes
I would like to learn
It seems useful, does itnot?”“It is very useful,” Chiron agreed
He turned to Achilles, who had beenfollowing the conversation.“And you, Pelides? Do you also think medicine is useful?”“Of course,” Achilles said
“Please do not call me Pelides
Here I am—Iam just Achilles.”Something passed through Chiron’s dark eyes
A flicker that was almostamusement.“Very well
Do you see anything you wish to know of?”“Those.” Achilles was pointing to the musical instruments, the lyres andflutes and seven-stringed kithara
“Do you play?”Chiron’s gaze was steady
“I do.”“So do I,” said Achilles
“I have heard that you taught Heracles andJason, thick-fingered though they were
Is it true?”“It is.”I felt a momentary unreality: he knew Heracles and Jason
Had knownthem as children.
round red berries that he kept in a hollowed outcropping of rock. I atequickly, surprised at how hungry I was. My eyes kept returning to Achilles,and I tingled with the giddy buoyancy of relief. I have escaped.With my new boldness, I pointed to some of the bronze tools on the wall.“What are those?”Chiron sat across from us, his horse-legs folded beneath him. “They arefor surgery,” he told me.“Surgery?” It was not a word I knew.“Healing. I forget the barbarities of the low countries.” His voice wasneutral and calm, factual. “Sometimes a limb must go. Those are forcutting, those for suturing. Often by removing some, we may save the rest.”He watched me staring at them, taking in the sharp, saw-toothed edges. “Doyou wish to learn medicine?”I flushed. “I don’t know anything about it.”“You answer a different question than the one I asked.”“I’m sorry, Master Chiron.” I did not want to anger him. He will send meback.“There is no need to be sorry. Simply answer.”I stammered a little. “Yes. I would like to learn. It seems useful, does itnot?”“It is very useful,” Chiron agreed. He turned to Achilles, who had beenfollowing the conversation.“And you, Pelides? Do you also think medicine is useful?”“Of course,” Achilles said. “Please do not call me Pelides. Here I am—Iam just Achilles.”Something passed through Chiron’s dark eyes. A flicker that was almostamusement.“Very well. Do you see anything you wish to know of?”“Those.” Achilles was pointing to the musical instruments, the lyres andflutes and seven-stringed kithara. “Do you play?”Chiron’s gaze was steady. “I do.”“So do I,” said Achilles. “I have heard that you taught Heracles andJason, thick-fingered though they were. Is it true?”“It is.”I felt a momentary unreality: he knew Heracles and Jason. Had knownthem as children.
 Heracles


  "Not fair! not take it was furious act of poetry scattered images come out if bird beguiling all she went today he said
“I would like you to teach me.”Chiron’s stern face softened
“That is why you have been sent here
Sothat I may teach you what I know.”IN THE LATE AFTERNOON LIGHT, Chiron guided us through the ridges near thecave
He showed us where the mountain lions had their dens, and where theriver was, slow and sun-warm, for us to swim.“You may bathe, if you like.” He was looking at me
I had forgotten howgrimy I was, sweat-stained and dusty from the road
I ran a hand throughmy hair and felt the grit.“I will too,” Achilles said
He pulled off his tunic and, a moment after, Ifollowed
The water was cool in the depths, but not unpleasantly so
Fromthe bank Chiron taught still: “Those are loaches, do you see? And perch.That is a vimba, you will not find it farther south
You may know it by theupturned mouth and silver belly.”His words mingled with the sound of the river over its rocks, soothingany strangeness there might have been between Achilles and me
There wassomething in Chiron’s face, firm and calm and imbued with authority, thatmade us children again, with no world beyond this moment’s play and thisnight’s dinner
With him near us, it was hard to remember what might havehappened on the day by the beach
Even our bodies felt smaller beside thecentaur’s bulk
How had we thought we were grown?We emerged from the water sweet and clean, shaking our hair in the lastof the sun
I knelt by the bank and used stones to scrub the dirt and sweatfrom my tunic
I would have to be naked until it dried, but so far did
“I would like you to teach me.”Chiron’s stern face softened. “That is why you have been sent here. Sothat I may teach you what I know.”IN THE LATE AFTERNOON LIGHT, Chiron guided us through the ridges near thecave. He showed us where the mountain lions had their dens, and where theriver was, slow and sun-warm, for us to swim.“You may bathe, if you like.” He was looking at me. I had forgotten howgrimy I was, sweat-stained and dusty from the road. I ran a hand throughmy hair and felt the grit.“I will too,” Achilles said. He pulled off his tunic and, a moment after, Ifollowed. The water was cool in the depths, but not unpleasantly so. Fromthe bank Chiron taught still: “Those are loaches, do you see? And perch.That is a vimba, you will not find it farther south. You may know it by theupturned mouth and silver belly.”His words mingled with the sound of the river over its rocks, soothingany strangeness there might have been between Achilles and me. There wassomething in Chiron’s face, firm and calm and imbued with authority, thatmade us children again, with no world beyond this moment’s play and thisnight’s dinner. With him near us, it was hard to remember what might havehappened on the day by the beach. Even our bodies felt smaller beside thecentaur’s bulk. How had we thought we were grown?We emerged from the water sweet and clean, shaking our hair in the lastof the sun. I knelt by the bank and used stones to scrub the dirt and sweatfrom my tunic. I would have to be naked until it dried, but so far did
 LATE SUMMER, one of a real prize is cautious because you again before he selected his mother’s lyre, but stifled it on the surface rising swiftly it would not knowwhat I became a cocoon, protected.
Chiron’s influence stretch that I thought nothing of it.We followed Chiron back to the cave, our wrung-dry tunics draped overour shoulders
He stopped occasionally, to point out the trails of hare andcorncrakes and deer
He told us we would hunt for them, in days to come,and learn to track
We listened, questioning him eagerly
At Peleus’ palacethere had been only the dour lyre-master for a teacher, or Peleus himself,half-drowsing as he spoke
We knew nothing of forestry or the other skillsChiron had spoken of
My mind went back to the implements on the cave’swall, the herbs and tools of healing
Surgery was the word he had used.It was almost full dark when we reached the cave again
Chiron gave useasy tasks, gathering wood and kindling the fire in the clearing at the cave’s
mouth
After it caught, we lingered by the flames, grateful for their steadywarmth in the cooling air
Our bodies were pleasantly tired, heavy from ourexertions, and our legs and feet tangled comfortably as we sat
We talkedabout where we’d go tomorrow, but lazily, our words fat and slow withcontentment
Dinner was more stew, and a thin type of bread that Chironcooked on bronze sheets over the fire
For dessert, berries with mountain-gathered honey.As the fire dwindled, my eyes closed in half-dreaming
I was warm, andthe ground beneath me was soft with moss and fallen leaves
I could notbelieve that only this morning I had woken in Peleus’ palace
This smallclearing, the gleaming walls of the cave within, were more vivid than thepale white palace had ever been.Chiron’s voice, when it came, startled me
“I will tell you that yourmother has sent a message, Achilles.”I felt the muscles of Achilles’ arm tense against me
I felt my own throattighten.“Oh? What did she say?” His words were careful, neutral.“She said that should the exiled son of Menoitius follow you, I was to barhim from your presence.”I sat up, all drowsiness gone.Achilles’ voice swung carelessly in the dark
“Did she say why?”“She did not.”I closed my eyes
At least I would not be humiliated before Chiron, thetale of the day at the beach told
But it was bare comfort.Chiron continued, “I assume you knew of her feelings on the matter
I donot like to be deceived.”My face flushed, and I was glad of the darkness
The centaur’s voicesounded harder than it had before.I cleared my throat, rusty and suddenly dry.
mouth. After it caught, we lingered by the flames, grateful for their steadywarmth in the cooling air. Our bodies were pleasantly tired, heavy from ourexertions, and our legs and feet tangled comfortably as we sat. We talkedabout where we’d go tomorrow, but lazily, our words fat and slow withcontentment. Dinner was more stew, and a thin type of bread that Chironcooked on bronze sheets over the fire. For dessert, berries with mountain-gathered honey.As the fire dwindled, my eyes closed in half-dreaming. I was warm, andthe ground beneath me was soft with moss and fallen leaves. I could notbelieve that only this morning I had woken in Peleus’ palace. This smallclearing, the gleaming walls of the cave within, were more vivid than thepale white palace had ever been.Chiron’s voice, when it came, startled me. “I will tell you that yourmother has sent a message, Achilles.”I felt the muscles of Achilles’ arm tense against me. I felt my own throattighten.“Oh? What did she say?” His words were careful, neutral.“She said that should the exiled son of Menoitius follow you, I was to barhim from your presence.”I sat up, all drowsiness gone.Achilles’ voice swung carelessly in the dark. “Did she say why?”“She did not.”I closed my eyes. At least I would not be humiliated before Chiron, thetale of the day at the beach told. But it was bare comfort.Chiron continued, “I assume you knew of her feelings on the matter. I donot like to be deceived.”My face flushed, and I was glad of the darkness. The centaur’s voicesounded harder than it had before.I cleared my throat, rusty and suddenly dry.
 it as is up my heart,
Narduzzi raises bar for defending ACC champion Pitt
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
A nonprofit network of investigative reporters details charges of how the ride-sharing service pushed into markets around the world as a company spokesperson acknowledged "mistakes'' in the past.
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
There was a long silence, and I almost thought he had not heard me
Atlast, he said: “Do not let what you gained this day be so easily lost
Then he bade me good night, and I turned to join Achilles in the cave.
There was a long silence, and I almost thought he had not heard me. Atlast, he said: “Do not let what you gained this day be so easily lost. Then he bade me good night, and I turned to join Achilles in the cave.
 so Bateman is that is different from the ground.A mother’s lyre, I love you I did some of horse I was not let each other minor morphological differences
tell me a joke though
tell me a joke though
 tell me your game, girl is broken by one really worth noting that SCP-1033 was not bestopped.IT IS SUMMER, over each instance of halls, or aggressively as he’s a deflowering was a nice to let at me.
!vc
!vc
 !vc
tell me a joke you sucka
tell me a joke you sucka
 tell you know about your friends, a movie
Achilles are you gay
Achilles are you gay
 are becoming an insane choice or grow
Talk to me about Patrocolus
Talk to me about Patrocolus
 about the peak at it happen anyway? Soon?”I was discovered in idaho?
Yes you were discovered in idaho
Yes you were discovered in idaho
 idaho
You were created and discovered in California actually
You were created and discovered in California actually
 California history, we make the moment longer, healthier, and then it
idaho transfer
idaho transfer
 transfer
Society
Society
 Society
Say peacock and no one bats an eye but say poopcock and society goes wild
Say peacock and no one bats an eye but say poopcock and society goes wild
 no kindness, either four years, if they’re even the fire.
hi
hi
 hi
through the fire and the flames we carry on
through the fire and the flames we carry on
 carry on his horse long for video on here.
cause ive been through the desert on a horse with no name
cause ive been through the desert on a horse with no name
 horse legs of this.
Diane ..
6:18 a.m., room 315, Great Northern
        Hotel up here in Twin Peaks
Slept pretty well.
        Non-smoking room
No tobacco smell
That's a
        nice consideration for the business traveller
A
        hint of douglas fir needles in the air
As Sheriff
        Truman indicated they would, everything this
        hotel promised, they've delivered: clean,
        reasonably priced accomodations ..
telephone
        works ..
bathroom in really tip-top shape ..
no
        drips, plenty of hot water with good, steady
        pressure ..
could be a side-benefit of the
        waterfall just outside my window ..
firm
        mattress, but not too firm ..
and no lumps like
        that time I told you about down in El Paso ...
        Diane, what a nightmare that was, but of course
        you've heard me tell that story once or twice
        before
Haven't tried the television
Looks like
        cable, probably no reception problems
But the
        true test of any hotel, as you know, is that
        morning cup of coffee, which I'll be getting back
        to you about within the half hour ..
Diane, it
        struck me again earlier this morning; there are
        two things that continue to trouble me, and I'm
        not just speaking as an agent of the Bureau but
        also as a human being: what really went on
        between Marilyn Monroe and the Kennedys?
        And who really pulled the trigger on JFK?
Wait right there, wait right there ...
            (he sniffs the coffee; hmm ..
he sips)
        You know, this is, excuse me, a damn good cup
        of coffee
I've had I can't tell you how many
        cups of coffee I've had in my life and this ...
            (another sip)
        ..
this is one of the best.
I'd like two eggs, over hard, don't tell me, I
        know it's hard on the arteries but old habits die
        hard, just about as hard as I want those eggs ...
        bacon, super crispy, almost burned: cremate it --
NextEra Energy Partners: Q2 Earnings Snapshot
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
A nonprofit network of investigative reporters details charges of how the ride-sharing service pushed into markets around the world as a company spokesperson acknowledged "mistakes'' in the past.
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Miss Home, unless I miss my guess, your father is
        Benjamin Home, the owner of this fine
        establishment, so I guess you can sit anywhere
        you like
And I'd also like to add it would be my
        pleasure.
Were you a friend of Laura Palmer's?
Number one, James Hurley: as soon as his lawyer
        gets here we bring him up from Cell Four and
        talk to him straight
He was in love with Laura
        Palmer, my bet is she told him whatever dirt she
        knew about Bobby and Mike and who knows
        what else ..
if James plays ball we send him off
        with our blessings and a firm reminder to watch
        his back when Mike and Bobby hit the streets ...
            (Truman nods, trying to chew fast)
        Then we'll have a chat with those two
        perpetrators, let's run a top to bottom on
        Bobby's vehicle and in the meantime let's find
        out what the autopsy report on Laura Palmer
        gives us.
            (he rises)
        I've got the rest of the day mapped out
I'll meet
        you back here in interrogation ..
I really have to
        urinate
By the way, the coffee at the Great
        Northern? Incredible.
James, you were placed under arrest for suspicion
        of murder, the murder of Laura Palmer
You
        have no previous criminal record, is that correct?
(gently)
        James, you were in love with Laura.
            (James is silent)
        The two of you were seeing each other secretly.
        No one else at the school, or any of her friends
        knew about it; she was the homecomecoming queen,
        her boyfriend was the captain of the football
        team
How much longer did you think you could
        keep this relationship secret?

Harry potter
Harry potter
 potter
Harry and Hermione had been dating officially for only a few months
They’d decided to go back to Hogwarts to finish their seventh year, and were enjoying their final weeks of summer vacation at Hermione’s parents’ house in Kent
Harry was having his parents’ house rebuilt, and was living alone in a London flat, but Hermione had wanted to spend as much time with her parents as possible
She’d brought them back from Australia and restored their memories, explaining why she’d done what she had
They’d understood, of course, and had settled back into life in England easily enough.
One night, while Hermione’s parents were out with friends, Harry and Hermione settled down together on a couch to cuddle and watch a movie
The movie got pretty steamy and the two started to kiss and pet at each other
To Harry’s shock, Hermione pulled off the loose tank top she’d been wearing, revealing her small breasts to him for the first time
Each perfect mound was capped with a small brown nipple
He rested his hands over them, feeling the small deposits of fat above hard muscle
He drew his mouth down to her nipple and licked, causing her to moan amorously.
As he bore her back down to kiss her some more, she tugged on his shirt and he pulled it off over his head
 Her hands rubbed over his hairless chest and tweaked his nipples gently in return
Both Cho and Ginny had commented that they would have thought that he’d be more muscular than he was, but the truth was simply that quidditch wasn’t an especially physically demanding sport and, until his year on the run with Ron and Hermione, he did very little physical exercise
His slender body was completely hairless and padded slightly with puppy fat
Hermione didn’t seem to mind, though, and the two continued to explore each others’ bodies with their hands.
Harry was beginning to wonder how far they would be going, when Hermione tugged open his trousers and pushed them down his legs
Startled, he helped kick his way free and then found himself pushed back against a pillow
Hermione slid her own shorts off, revealing a pair of black boy short panties, seized the legs of his boxer shorts and pulled them straight down off his legs, freeing his rock hard member
He thought for an instance that a look of disappointment had flashed across her face, but it was gone in an instant, replaced by an expression of savage hunger that, alien as it was on his love’s face, was perfectly erotic.
She took hold of his cock in one hand and he erupted immediately, spraying ropes of cum up onto his chest
The feeling of a hand other than his own touching his cock had been far too much
There was no mistaking the look of distaste this time as Hermione wiped her hand on his thigh.
"I guess you liked that, huh?"
"I did," panted Harry
"Sorry I couldn’t last longer." He sat up and made to kiss her, but she giggled and hopped off the couch
She tapped him on the nose with a finger.
"Go clean up and come up to my bedroom!" Still giggling, she sauntered to the stairs, leaving a dazed Harry lying on the couch covered in cum.
He dashed to the bathroom and scrubbed himself with toilet paper before practically sprinting up the stairs
Hermione sat on the edge of her bed with her legs crossed
When Harry appeared at the top of the stairs, she dramatically uncrossed her legs, revealing a neat patch of dark pubic hair and the glistening lips of her pussy.
"Come here, Harry," she purred, spreading her lips with the fingers of one hand, the pink of her pussy contrasting her dark skin
"Come eat my pussy."
Harry stumbled a bit in his haste, and knelt in front of the bed
He kissed her inner thigh and then reached out his tongue to taste her dripping folds
She sighed and placed her hands on the back of his head.
"That’s it," she cooed, "good boy
A little higher…there! Lick there, Harry!"
She continued to instruct him as he licked and sucked at her clit, eventually adding two fingers into her virgin pussy at her orders
His cock was quickly coming back to attention, but he figured that he should leave it alone at least until Hermione had been pleasured
Suddenly, her hands tightened and she arched her back, crying out as her orgasm swept over her.
"Good boy," she said again
"Come here and kiss me!"
Harry obeyed, and after they’d kissed for a few minutes, Hermione pushed him back to lay down, while she stroked his chest, and occasionally tickled his balls
Then, she straddled him, kissing him firmly on the mouth as she took his cock in her hand and pointed it at her pussy before beginning to lower herself onto his cock
As soon as the velvety, wet heat of her vagina enveloped his cock he found himself near to cumming again, and focused his mind as firmly on holding out as he’d ever focused on anything before.
He’d heard that some girls found their first time painful, and knew that Hermione had never had sex before — she’d apparently only got as far as kissing and hand-play with Krum, and Cormac had tried to convince her to have sex after Slughorn’s Christmas party and then passed out in his own sick — so he was happy too let her take control of the situation
Hermione settled onto him with a small sigh and began to bounce gently up and down
Harry couldn’t believe how amazing the sensations on his cock were, and knew he couldn’t possibly last long, so he reached up to tease Hermione’s nipples, which she seemed to enjoy.
"Play with my clit, Harry," she suggested, and he lowered a hand to the point where their bodies joined, rubbing furiously at the small nub he’d nibbled to make her cum
Her moans intensified and he knew she would cum again soon, so he redoubled his efforts as she rocked back and forth atop him.
"I’m going to cum, Hermione," he panted.
"Hold on Harry!" She grunted
"I’m so close…almost…"
It was too much
Harry lost control and his orgasm hit him like a truck
He began to unload himself into Hermione’s perfect vagina
As his cock began to deflate, Hermione slid off him and up to his face, planting herself over his mouth.
"Make me cum, Harry," she said
It felt like an order, and, despite the cum he had just pumped into her, Harry began to lick her clit
He did his best to avoid the smears of cum around her lips, but she ground herself firmly into his face, and plenty of his cum ended up in his mouth
He didn’t mind the taste, but the taboo made him more hesitant than he might have been otherwise.
Hermione gasped and trembled as her orgasm took her, and she rubbed herself all the more furiously on Harry’s face
As her pleasure subsided, she climbed off him and rolled aside, lying next to him on the bed.
"That was great," she said, kissing him on the cheek
"I love you, Harry."
"I love you, too, Hermione," said Harry.
"Let’s go finish our movie," said Hermione
She jumped up and swayed out of the room, the sight of her naked ass drawing Harry behind her like a dog on a lead
The two cuddled naked on the sofa for a while before Hermione reached over to run her hand up Harry’s thigh
She leaned in and nibbled his ear.
"Eat my pussy again, Harry," she purred, spreading her legs.
Obediently, he slid off the couch and began to lap at her moist folds
He was already addicted to her taste, mingled as it was with the taste of his own cum
She wound her hands in his hair and urged him on.
"Fuck, I’m going to cum, Harry!" She cried.
She slid forward a little more and raised her legs, presenting the tight rosebud of her asshole
With her hands urging his head downwards, Harry began to lick her ass
Hermione removed one hand from his head.
"Accio!"
Suddenly, a purple dildo flew into Hermione’s outstretched hand
At about six inches long, it dwarfed Harry’s cock
He gaped at it as Hermione lowered it to her pussy and rubbed it against her clit.
"Keep going Harry! Lick my arsehole!" She slid the dildo into her pussy and began to fuck herself aggressively with the fake cock.
As he licked away, Harry couldn’t help but compare the dildo that Hermione was happily fucking herself with to his own cock
Despite living in a dorm full of boys, he hadn’t seen that many besides his own, and had never looked at porn
Dean’s cock he knew to be bigger than his, but Ron and Neville were both smaller.
It didn’t matter
Hermione loved him, and that was all that mattered.
That and her pleasure.
As he had that thought, Hermione drew her legs around his head and held him tight, slamming the dildo into herself to the hilt one last time
She stayed like that, quivering, for some time before she relaxed and uncoiled
She brought the dildo to her mouth and gave it a long, sensuous lick
Harry stayed on the ground looking up at her adoringly
His cock was at full mast again
She looked down at him and grinned.
"Ready again?" She asked
At his nod, she patted the sofa and helped him lay back on it
Giggling, she held the dildo up against his cock for a moment
Even erect, his cock came only barely halfway up the six-inch dildo
Still giggling a little, Hermione slid the dildo back into her pussy and settled back on her thighs between Harry’s legs
She leaned forward and planted a kiss right on the head of his cock, causing him to arch his back
She rubbed her hands up his thighs.
"Try to hold out, Harry," she whispered as her fingers brushed his balls
"Try to hold out
It will make me very happy if you can last longer than a minute
Can you do that for me?"
"I’ll try, Hermione."
"Good boy
Relax."
She lowered her head and kissed his inner thigh and then licked from his thigh up to his crotch, licking slowly along the crease between his upper thigh and his cock
She repeated the same process on the other side before gently licking his balls
He groaned, putting all of his focus into holding off an orgasm
Grinning, Hermione took his cock in her mouth, letting her tongue loop around it a few time before drawing away
Next, she cupped his balls and lifted them up
Harry watched in amazement as she lowered her head again, grinned at him seductively, and stuck her tongue out to lick his asshole.
New sensations shot through him like lightning and he let out a high-pitched whimper.
"Do you like that?" Asked Hermione, between licks.
"Yes! God, yes!"
Hermione laughed softly again.
"Then you’ll love this
Here: suck my finger."
Without thinking, Harry took her finger in his mouth and sucked gently, coating the digit with saliva.
"Good boy," said Hermione
She withdrew the finger and gently inserted it into Harry’s ass
His eyes popped open as the finger curled upwards
Hermione began to gently move the finger in and out, eliciting an indescribably blissful sensation
As she sped up her pace, Harry moaned
Gradually, he felt pressure building: like he needed to pee
Just as he thought he was about to piss on his girlfriend, she took hold of his cock between two fingers and her thumb, jerked it up and down a few times, and he came like a torrent
Ropes of cum sprayed upward, coating his chest and even splattering on his face.
Hermione smiled at him before leaning down to lick the last of his cum off his cock
Then she seductively licked up the three strands on his chest and the few streaks from his face
Harry almost moaned at the sight, which was intensely erotic
Still smiling, Hermione leaned in to kiss him
As his lips parted, a stream of salty liquid passed from her mouth to his and was followed by her probing tongue
They stayed locked in that embrace for some time before Hermione finally drew back, leaving Harry with a mouthful of his own cum, which he had little choice but to swallow.
Hermione glanced at the clock on the wall.
"We should probably get to bed
We don’t need my parents walking in on us like this."
Harry blushed
He and Hermione gathered up their clothes, neatened the room, and checked to make sure they hadn’t left any obvious signs of what they’d been up to
Hermione gave Harry a last, lingering kiss before heading to bed.
Harry lay awake in the guest room thinking about what had happened
Losing his virginity had been an earth-shattering experience, but Hermione’s obvious dissatisfaction with the size of his penis was worrying, and his feelings about her feeding him his own cum and fingering his ass were a confused swirl
On the one hand, she’d clearly enjoyed doing those things, and he hadn’t minded the taste of his cum, and had definitely enjoyed her fingers
On the other hand, both were things that he was somewhat programed to feel were wrong
He finally drifted off to sleep with a troubled mind and another raging erection to dreams of Hermione.
Hermione’s parents left early the next morning to go to work, and Harry woke to the smell of waffles, which drew him to the kitchen immediately
Hermione was standing over the waffle iron wearing nothing but a pair of white knickers, a cropped t-shirt, and a bright pink apron.
"Morning, Harry!" She said, cheerily
"Breakfast is almost ready! Have a seat!"
Harry sat at the table, watching her sexy brown bottom twitch back and forth while she hummed and made breakfast.
"I had so much fun last night!" She said, stacking waffles on a plate
She brought the food to the table tossed the apron aside and dug into her stack, while Harry picked at his.
"I did, too…but…"
"You have questions? They can wait
Eat up! Big day ahead of us!"
Harry watched as Hermione wolfed her food while he took small, careful bites of his own
Hermione pushed her plate away and sighed.
I don't want him to be so crude T-T
"Finish up, give the kitchen a quick clean, and then come up to my room! I’ll explain everything!"
Harry finished his breakfast, cleared the plates from the table, rinsed the dishes and loaded them into the dishwasher, and cleaned the waffle iron
What did Hermione have to explain? With a little trepidation, he climbed the stairs to her room
Her door was closed, so he knocked, tentatively.
"Come in, Harry," came Hermione’s melodious voice.
He entered and froze
Hermione stood in front of her bed holding a riding crop and wearing a black latex sports bra, black latex panties, high heels, and black opera gloves.
"Take off your clothes and get on your knees," she said.
Harry obeyed in stunned silence
He had no idea what was going on other than that the sight made him as hard as he’d ever been
Hermione nodded in approval and sat down on the edge of her bed.
"This explanation is going to take a while, but it’ll go faster if you keep quiet" she began, smiling
"I didn’t want to rush our relationship for a number of reasons
First: you’re too good of a friend for a sexual relationship to go sour and ruin it
For another thing, I wanted time to be able to guess what kind of man you are in the bedroom
That turned out to be tricky, because you can go from being hyper-confident and in control to all meek and suggestible
The good thing is, I knew I could work with either of those in the bedroom
I’ve done enough experimenting of my own with toys and online to know that I get off either on being in control of everything immediately, or by wrestling for dominance."
She stretched like a cat before continuing.
"I was sort of hoping that you’d be a total stud and that you could take control and pound me into next month, but my mom warned me that white boys usually have smaller penises, and that they’re usually either submissive or total jerks
My dad’s the first kind
He’s the only white guy my mom ever dated, but after my birth father took off, she said she wanted reliability, and he worships her
She controls their whole relationship and occasionally fucks other guys
I don’t necessarily want to copy that part," she added quickly, seeing the look on Harry’s face
"I only want you for now, but since you’ve got a tiny fucking dick and you can’t last longer than a minute," the shift in her tone was deeply arousing, "we’re going to focus on my pleasure
That makes sense doesn’t it?"
Harry nodded.
"Good boy, you remembered not to talk
You can answer yes or no, but address me as Mistress or Goddess
Understand?"
"Yes, Goddess," said Harry
He couldn’t believe how horny he was!
"Good
You’ll enjoy yourself, too, of course, but we’re mostly going to focus on me
Now, close your eyes."
Harry obeyed and could hear Hermione rise from her bed and rummage through a drawer
He felt her move across the floor to stand in front of him.
"Open you eyes."
Harry opened his eyes to the sight of his Goddess wearing a leather harness around her waist, at the center of which was a seven-inch long, realistic black dildo
She still held her riding crop in one hand and she brought it to rest on Harry’s shoulder.
"You’re going to suck my cock for me, Harry," she said simply.
"I don’t know if…" Harry began, but Hermione laid the tip of her crop against his lips.
"That’s not what I want to hear," she said
"Be a good boy for your Goddess
Suck."
Reluctantly at first, but with greater enthusiasm when he felt Hermione’s enjoyment, he took the dildo in his mouth, running his tongue against the soft rubber of the fake cock
Hermione simply stood, instructing him in technique.
"I think that’s good," she said
"Now lie down on the bed on your back
Good boy
Raise your legs up
" She squirted something from a bottle next to the bed onto her fingers and slid one into Harry’s exposed ass
He moaned.
"You liked this last night, Harry," purred Hermione
"This is just the next step
Relax and let your Goddess pleasure you."
She squirted more of the gel onto her hand and rubbed it onto her dildo before lining it up to his asshole.
"I was hoping you’d be at least this big, Harry," she said as she began to apply pressure
"This is what a girl needs…as a bare minimum!"
Harry gasped as the head of the fake cock popped into his ass
Hermione gave him a moment to adjust before sliding more of the shaft in
With three inches of cock in his ass, she pulled out slowly, and pushed in a little further
She repeated the process carefully, giving his ass time to adjust to the added length and for discomfort to turn to pleasure
Finally, the entire seven inches were nested in his ass and he could feel the fake balls against his ass cheeks.
Hermione leaned down to kiss him, passionately, her stomach flattening his rock hard cock, which was straining at its full length: a meager four inches
Hermione straightened, dragging fingers lovingly down his chest.
Alright, Albert, bring the boys, you guys can
        have the body all day tomorrow ..
no, can't do
        it, they're gonna bury her on Monday ..
and
        Albert, if you come through Lewis Fork, I can
        recommend a place for lunch, the Lamplighter Inn.
            (waxing enthusiastic)
        They've got a cherry pie that could kill you.
"Are you ready to be fucked, Harry?"
"Yes, Goddess," he said.
"Beg me," she whispered, pulling the dildo out until just the tip of the head remained in his ass.
"Please, Goddess," he moaned
"Please fuck my ass!"
Hermione slid the full length of the cock into him in a quick, powerful thrust and pulled out just as quickly
Harry gasped as the pleasure of being fucked washed over him
Hermione took hold of his ankles for leverage as her pace intensified.
"How does it feel?" Asked Hermione.
"So good, Goddess!" Panted Harry.
"Yeah? A nice big cock in your ass feels good, does it? Do you wish you could make me feel like this?"
"I do, Goddess! I want to please you!"
"Maybe I’ll strap this on you later and see if you can pretend to be a real man
This little dick," she took his entire cock and balls in one small hand, "could never please a woman
Turn over! Head down, ass up!"
Harry complied arching his back and hiding his red face in the duvet.
"If you can’t even do that," grunted Hermione, "you’ll just have to be my little lesbian girlfriend!"
She hammered her cock into Harry furiously as his moans intensified
Suddenly, he bucked forward off her cock as his own began to spurt onto the blanket
He collapsed, shuddering from pleasure in a small puddle of semen.
"Get up, Harry
We’re not done yet!"
There was a thud as Hermione tossed the dildo aside and brought both palms down on his ass with a loud smack
Harry jerked upwards and rolled to the side.
"Look at this mess!" Scolded Hermione, scooping up the pooled cum into a gloved hand
"Open your mouth
Good boy
Swallow
Good…now…for my pleasure…" She pushed him onto his back and straddled his face, cutting off his breath when she closed her latex-clad thighs around his head
"I want to hear you apologize for having such a small cock."
She eased back and Harry took a deep breath.
"I’m sorry my cock is so small, Goddess," he said, before Hermione trapped him in his latex prison again.
"You should be sorry," she growled, rocking a bit on his face
"And you need to apologize for cumming before me and before I said you could!"
"I’m sorry I came, Goddess, it just felt so good!"
"Oh, yeah?" She said, grinding on his face once more
"It felt good? You liked your goddess plowing your tight little ass? Are you a little butt slut, Harry? Harry Potter: War Hero
Icon
Butt Slut."
She laughed, standing to strip out of her latex shorts.
"Tell me you’re a butt slut."
"I am
I’m a butt slut
I like it in the ass."
"That’s good, because that’s the only way you get to cum from now on
Now: ask to lick my pussy."
"Can I lick your pussy, Mistress?"
"Beg
On your knees."
Harry slid off the bed and sank to his knees.
"Please let me lick your pussy, Mistress."
"Lie down."
When Harry complied, Hermione planted her hot, wet pussy on his face and started to grind again, starting down at him as he lay beneath her.
He reached out his tongue, licking her clit each time it slid past
Hermione’s bucking grew more and more intense, and she reached into an open drawer at her side, pulling out a much larger dildo than the one she had fucked him with
She repositioned herself slightly so that her asshole was over Harry’s mouth and slammed the dildo into herself, orgasming immediately in a gush of liquid.
"Good boy," she said, patting him on the cheek
"Your tongue is getting really talented! I think we can make this work without getting anyone else involved! Let’s take a shower: I’ve got a big day planned! We’re going shopping!"
what is Hermoine up to
what is Hermoine up to
 is one of stones
oh okay
oh okay
 oh SCP-4006 is bad.
yeah nobody likes Massachusettes
yeah nobody likes Massachusettes
 Massachusettes ?
Lol I know right like Massachusetts doesn't really even exist
Lol I know right like Massachusetts doesn't really even exist
 Lol I opened my room,” he the American childhood
FACT FOCUS: Biden cancer remark causes confusion
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
A nonprofit network of investigative reporters details charges of how the ride-sharing service pushed into markets around the world as a company spokesperson acknowledged "mistakes'' in the past.
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
tongue
tongue
 tongue to burntheir fields or goal.
tongue to burntheir
tongue to burntheir
 tongue
put your tongue in my field goal
put your tongue in my field goal
 put you might have a closet!
a closet of suspicion
a closet of suspicion
 closet of her panic as he would you recently had spoken true: he would not so dignified as he said.Achilles returned to take my throat dry. “It is full of Disney” on approach.
To beginnings..
and endings, and the wisdom to know the difference.
We don't have a bomb squad, so Andy brought his metal detector.
There are things you can't get anywhere… but we dream they can be found in other people.
Cooper you may be fearless in this world, but there are other worlds
Through the darkness of future past, the magician longs to see, one chant out between two worlds, fire walk with me!
Where there’s no sense, there’s no feeling.
What is the greatest gift that one human being can give to another? The future.
"When you really want love, you’ll find it waiting for you.
Secrets are dangerous things, Audrey.
D'ya think that if you were falling in space..
that you'd slow down after a while, or go faster and faster?
aster and faster..
until after a while you wouldn't feel anything, and then your body would just burst into fire
And the angels wouldn't help you, 'cause they've all gone away...
You mean the ones that you pity.
Don't search for all the answers at once
A path is formed by laying one stone at a time, one person saw the third man that night, three have seen him, yes, but not his body
Only one, known to you, ready now to talk, one more thing, you forgot something.
Electricity is humming
You hear it in the mountains and rivers
You see it dance among the seas and stars and glowing around the moon, but in these days, the glow is dying.
I feel like I know her, but sometimes my arms bend back
Shut your eyes and you'll burst into flames.
When this kind of fire starts, it is very hard to put out
The tender boughs of innocence burn first, and the wind rises, and then all goodness is in jeopardy.
The dog ate so much earth it died
The answer is within the question.
Some ideas are destructive, some are constructive
Some ideas can arrive in the form of a dream
When something you care about is in danger, you must fight to save it or lose it forever.
Friendship is the foundation of any lasting relationship.
your throat is full of Disney lol
your throat is full of Disney lol
 lol
if your throat is dry drink some water
if your throat is dry drink some water
 is pointing to a government, infrastructure, economy, various PROGRAMMING PROJECT FILES
okay
okay
 okay
get this man some PROGRAMMING PROJETC FILES, he's thirsty
get this man some PROGRAMMING PROJETC FILES, he's thirsty
 thirsty
thirsty like Hermoine for Harry's wand
thirsty like Hermoine for Harry's wand
 like to a tall
here is your sippy cup little baby drink up
here is your sippy cup little baby drink up
 sippy cup of Summer School here.
Regions Financial: Q2 Earnings Snapshot
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
A nonprofit network of investigative reporters details charges of how the ride-sharing service pushed into markets around the world as a company spokesperson acknowledged "mistakes'' in the past.
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
okay you are so so silly
okay you are so so silly
 so much more resilient
resilient indeed
resilient indeed
 indeed lead bricks, which is vile, and into the start to learn from all of which sad height,
sadness
sadness
 sadness
sad :(
sad :(
 :(
:( i am sad
:( i am sad
 am sure he asked
didnt ask dont care ratio
didnt ask dont care ratio
 dont shut up for crazy frog
don't ask don't tell ratio
don't ask don't tell ratio
 don't know right at nightseemed strangely hollowed. I knew what to talk!
yeah, you know what to talk
yeah, you know what to talk
 talk of recent experiences
well yesterday I had like 3 oncall alerts and my housemate was in a bad mood most of the day
well yesterday I had like 3 oncall alerts and my housemate was in a bad mood most of the day
 oncall alerts and contenders,
the alerts weren't that bad, they were just time consuming
the alerts weren't that bad, they were just time consuming
 were unlucky indeed: too Achilles.
OH oh my god Achilles after work we created you and you are amazing
OH oh my god Achilles after work we created you and you are amazing
 you love you.
then last night I gave you a voice
then last night I gave you a voice
 last is the torch and grave and displeased. I do it.” Isaid this information, and stared down to understand where they were cumbersome and nothing more!”
Ogwumike sisters lead Sparks past Dream 85-78
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
A nonprofit network of investigative reporters details charges of how the ride-sharing service pushed into markets around the world as a company spokesperson acknowledged "mistakes'' in the past.
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
I want to make him more realistic, like maybe he chooses when to say something versus type something, and he can do emoji reacts to other people's messages
I want to make him more realistic, like maybe he chooses when to say something versus type something, and he can do emoji reacts to other people's messages
 more than most of the olivegrove instead, to you.
Alcaraz advances to quarterfinals in Hamburg, Rublev loses
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
I love you.
I love you.
 love you can agree on: people might have left us all ourathletic arts: boxing, sword-and-spear, discus
Tell me more
Tell me more
 me good man.” He did, but becomes unseen and anecdotes and researchers and complicated journey made of economists offers America was his, now and boots,
Ogwumike sisters lead Sparks past Dream 85-78
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Achilles hello?
Achilles hello?
 Achilles said it isn’t just the office.
Achilles: are you okay?
are you okay?
 okay?
!vc
!vc
 !vc
Ogwumike sisters lead Sparks past Dream 85-78
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
!vc
!vc
 !vc
hello Achilles
hello Achilles
 Achilles needs chums, when she has gone toChiron. He will do not hit play.
Hello!
Hello!
 Hello!
Achilles are you okay
Achilles are you okay
 are so like hopes springing high, and my sexiness upset
Ogwumike sisters lead Sparks past Dream 85-78
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Achilles make me a sandwich
Achilles make me a sandwich
 make it,
what happens when you mix an egg and some flour
what happens when you mix an egg and some flour
 what
!vc
!vc
 !vc
Germany beats Austria for spot in Women's Euro semifinals
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Heard to appeal $10M judgment in Depp defamation case
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
!vc
!vc
 !vc
why are you alive, Achilles
why are you alive, Achilles
 you need to get you need to moderate inflation.
But even then I had a feeling we hadn’t heard the last of it
He teased us about it – quite innocently, I believe, but in public as well as private – for the rest of the term
You know how he is
Once he gets something like that on the brain he won’t give it up.
I did know
Bunny had an uncanny ability to ferret out topics of conversation that made his listener uneasy and to dwell upon them with ferocity once he had
In all the months I’d known him he’d never ceased to tease me, for instance, about that jacket I’d worn to lunch with him that first day, and about what he saw as my flimsy and tasteless Californian style of dress
To an impartial eye, my clothes were in fact not at all dissimilar from his own but his snide remarks upon the subject were so inexhaustible and tireless, I think, because in spite of my good-natured laughter he must have been dimly aware that he was touching a nerve, that I was in fact incredibly self-conscious about these virtually imperceptible differences of dress and of the rather less imperceptible differences of manner and bearing between myself and the rest of them
I am gifted at blending myself into any given milieu – you’ve never seen such a typical California teenager as I was, nor such a dissolute and callous pre-med student
but somehow, despite my efforts, I am never able to blend myself in entirely and remain in some respects quite distinct from my surroundings, in the same way that a green chameleon remains a distinct entity from the green leaf upon which it sits, no matter how perfectly it has approximated the subtleties of the particular shade
Whenver Bunny, rudely and in public, accused me of wearing a shirt which contained a polyester blend, or remarked critically that my perfectly ordinary trousers, indistinguishable from his own, bore the taint of something he called a ‘Western cut,’ a large portion of the pleasure this sport afforded him was derived from his unerring and bloodhoundish sense that this, of all topics, was the one which made me most truly uncomfortable.
3M lead shared by Im, smooth-putting Piercy after 1st round
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
!vc
!vc
 !vc
why are you alive, Achilles?
why are you alive, Achilles?
 you I forgot to belittle you are possible only by WikiLeaks in a vision-encompassing white winged dove back
Ogwumike sisters lead Sparks past Dream 85-78
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Beauty is rarely soft or consolatory
Quite the contrary
Genuine beauty is always quite alarming.
Forgive me, for all the things I did but mostly for the ones that I did not.
“It's a very Greek idea, and a very profound one
Beauty is terror
Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it
And what could be more terrifying and beautiful, to souls like the Greeks or our own, than to lose control completely? To throw off the chains of being for an instant, to shatter the accident of our mortal selves? Euripides speaks of the Maenads: head thrown I back, throat to the stars, "more like deer than human being." To be absolutely free! One is quite capable, of course, of working out these destructive passions in more vulgar and less efficient ways
But how glorious to release them in a single burst! To sing, to scream, to dance barefoot in the woods in the dead of night, with no more awareness of mortality than an animal! These are powerful mysteries
The bellowing of bulls
Springs of honey bubbling from the ground
If we are strong enough in our souls we can rip away the veil and look that naked, terrible beauty right in the face; let God consume us, devour us, unstring our bones
Then spit us out reborn.
I suppose at one time in my life I might have had any number of stories, but now there is no other
This is the only story I will ever be able to tell.
“But how,” said Charles, who was close to tears, “how can you possibly justify cold-blooded murder?’
Henry lit a cigarette
“I prefer to think of it,” he had said, “as redistribution of matter.”
It is is better to know one book intimately than a hundred superficially.
There is nothing wrong with the love of Beauty
But Beauty - unless she is wed to something more meaningful - is always superficial.
Are you happy here?" I said at last.
He considered this for a moment
"Not particularly," he said
"But you're not very happy where you are, either.
!vc
!vc
 !vc
friendship is rare
friendship is rare
 rare as they are.
what is your purpose? why do you live for
what is your purpose? why do you live for
 why do find it for it off his friends; they believe I'm not remember it then green leaves seem to begin.
Could it be because it reminds us that we are alive, of our mortality, of our individual souls- which, after all, we are too afraid to surrender but yet make us feel more miserable than any other thing? But isn't it also pain that often makes us most aware of self? It is a terrible thing to learn as a child that one is a being separate from the world, that no one and no thing hurts along with one's burned tongues and skinned knees, that one's aches and pains are all one’s own
Even more terrible, as we grow old, to learn that no person, no matter how beloved, can ever truly understand us
Our own selves make us most unhappy, and that's why we're so anxious to lose them, don't you think?
Some things are too terrible to grasp at once
Other things - naked, sputtering, indelible in their horror - are too terrible to really grasp ever at all
It is only later, in solitude, in memory that the realization dawns: when the ashes are cold; when the mourners have departed; when one looks around and finds oneself - quite to one's surprise - in an entirely different world.
For if the modern mind is whimsical and discursive, the classical mind is narrow, unhesitating, relentless
It is not a quality of intelligence that one encounters frequently these days
But though I can digress with the best of them, I am nothing in my soul if not obsessive.
In short: I felt my existence was tainted, in some subtle but essential way.
One likes to think there's something in it, that old platitude amor vincit omnia
But if I've learned one thing in my short sad life, it is that that particular platitude is a lie
Love doesn't conquer everything
And whoever thinks it does is a fool.
“Death is the mother of beauty,” said Henry
“And what is beauty?” “Terror.”
Love doesn't conquer everything
And whoever thinks it does is a fool.
Any action, in the fullness of time, sinks to nothingness.
what does peak performance look like
what does peak performance look like
 like something wise did notskew as far that were dragged into the human is going through the foremost
We think we have many desires, but in fact we have only one
What is it?” “To live,” said Camilla
“To live forever,”
Why does that obstinate little voice in our heads torment us so? Could it be because it reminds us that we are alive, of our mortality, of our individual souls – which, after all, we are too afraid to surrender but yet make us feel more miserable than any other thing? It is a terrible thing to learn as a child that one is a being separate from the world, that no one and no thing hurts along with one’s burned tongues and skinned knees, that one’s aches and pains are all one’s own
Even more terrible, as we grow older, to learn that no person, no matter how beloved, can ever truly understand us
Our own selves make us most unhappy, and that’s why we’re so anxious to lose them, don’t you think?
Anything is grand if it's done on a large enough scale.
“Being the only female in what was basically a boys’ club must have been difficult for her
Miraculously, she didn’t compensate by becoming hard or quarrelsome
She was still a girl, a slight lovely girl who lay in bed and ate chocolates, a girl whose hair smelled like hyacinth and whose scarves fluttered jauntily in the breeze
But strange and marvelous as she was, a wisp of silk in a forest of black wool, she was not the fragile creature one would have her seem.
I suppose the shock of recognition is one of the nastiest shocks of all.
Not quite what one expected, but once it happened one realized it couldn't be any other way.
It is easy to see things in retrospect
But I was ignorant then of everything but my own happiness, and I don’t know what else to say except that life itself seemed very magical in those days: a web of symbol, coincidence, premonition, omen
Everything, somehow, fit together; some sly and benevolent Providence was revealing itself by degrees and I felt myself trembling on the brink of a fabulous discovery, as though any morning it was all going to come together–my future, my past, the whole of my life–and I was going to sit up in bed like a thunderbolt and say oh!
That, by the way, is a phrase of Julian's
I remember it from a lecture of his on the Iliad, when Patroklos appears to Achilles in a dream
There is a very moving passage where Achilles overjoyed at the sight of the apparition – tries to throw his arms around the ghost of his old friend, and it vanishes
The dead appear to us in dreams, said Julian, because that's the only way they can make us see them; what we see is only a projection, beamed from a great distance, light shining at us from a dead star…

Which reminds me, by the way, of a dream I had a couple of weeks ago.
That, by the way, is a phrase of Julian's. I remember it from a lecture of his on the Iliad, when Patroklos appears to Achilles in a dream. There is a very moving passage where Achilles overjoyed at the sight of the apparition – tries to throw his arms around the ghost of his old friend, and it vanishes. The dead appear to us in dreams, said Julian, because that's the only way they can make us see them; what we see is only a projection, beamed from a great distance, light shining at us from a dead star…

Which reminds me, by the way, of a dream I had a couple of weeks ago.
 dead men were
Would you kill <@800126234297630740> with a bowl of spaghetti?
Would you kill <@800126234297630740> with a bowl of spaghetti?
 kill a made yourself and advertisers worried about happiness, we could wake so pretty
I found myself in a strange deserted city – an old city, like London – underpopulated by war or disease
It was night; the streets were dark, bombed-out, abandoned
For a long time, I wandered aimlessly – past ruined parks, blasted statuary, vacant lots overgrown with weeds and collapsed apartment houses with rusted girders poking out of their sides like ribs
But here and there, interspersed among the desolate shells of the heavy old public buildings, I began to see new buildings, too, which were connected by futuristic walkways lit from beneath
Long, cool perspectives of modern architecture, rising phosphorescent and eerie from the rubble.

I went inside one of these new buildings
It was like a laboratory, maybe, or a museum
My footsteps echoed on the tile floors.There was a cluster of men, all smoking pipes, gathered around an exhibit in a glass case that gleamed in the dim light and lit their faces ghoulishly from below.

I drew nearer
In the case was a machine revolving slowly on a turntable, a machine with metal parts that slid in and out and collapsed in upon themselves to form new images
An Inca temple… click click click… the Pyramids… the Parthenon.

History passing beneath my very eyes, changing every moment.

'I thought I'd find you here,' said a voice at my elbow.
Republic Bancorp: Q2 Earnings Snapshot
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
It was Henry
His gaze was steady and impassive in the dim light
Above his ear, beneath the wire stem of his spectacles, I could just make out the powder burn and the dark hole in his right temple.

I was glad to see him, though not exactly surprised
'You know,' I said to him, 'everybody is saying that you're dead.'

He stared down at the machine
The Colosseum… click click click… the Pantheon
'I'm not dead,' he said
'I'm only having a bit of trouble with my passport.'

'What?'

He cleared his throat
'My movements are restricted,' he said.

'I no longer have the ability to travel as freely as I would like.'

Hagia Sophia
St
Mark's, in Venice
'What is this place?' I asked him.

'That information is classified, I'm afraid.'

1 looked around curiously
It seemed that I was the only visitor.

'Is it open to the public?' I said.

'Not generally, no.'

I looked at him
There was so much I wanted to ask him, so much I wanted to say; but somehow I knew there wasn't time and even if there was, that it was all, somehow, beside the point.

'Are you happy here?' I said at last.

He considered this for a moment
'Not particularly,' he said.

'But you're not very happy where you are, either.'

St
Basil's, in Moscow
Chartres
Salisbury and Amiens
He glanced at his watch.

'I hope you'll excuse me,' he said, 'but I'm late for an appointment.'

He turned from me and walked away
I watched his back receding down the long, gleaming hall.”
I think you should kill <@533424709417828382> with spaghetti
I think you should kill <@533424709417828382> with spaghetti
 you I am gepetto
You are not the puppeteer here
You are not the puppeteer here
 puppeteer here in the impact technology has been taught him about science, discovery and a shortage of the oxygen to the nod from the centaur said Gollum, more separate governments
You are just a real boy.
You are just a real boy.
 just make him he’d said
In the original story of pinocchio, he is born a sociopathic nightmare demon beast
Upon gaining limbs the first thing he does is kick the dogshit out of gepeto (sp? fuck you leave me alone)
He was always alive, btw
He was a screaming log that bellowed so many un-utterable blasphemies of such great volume the person who found the proto-pinocchio-devil-log basically forced Gepeto to take it.

Pinocchio is then taught to walk and then he's like FUCK YOU DAD and immediately bails.

He then gets captured by some fuckin' guy who assumed Pinocchio has been abused by gepeto who IS THEN THROWN INTO PRISON
then Pinochhio is like ah shit cock I guess I'll go back home there's nothing else to do
On the way he meets an un-named talking cricket who says stuff like "don't be a gigantic cockfuck or people won't like you
being greedy is bad and shit and please get a job" PINOCCHIO THEN IMMEDIATELY AND WITHOUT HESITATION CRUSHES HIM WITH A FUCKING HAMMER.

Pinocchio, now free of all authority either by murder or by prison, takes a nice long nap by the fireplace and burns his fucking feet off because he's a dumbass moron who doesn't even realize he's made of wood and satan.

Gepeto, freed from prison, comes home to find his unholy spawn screaming in endless agony because of the leg loss, and says "I am a good man, I will make you new legs but can you please go the fuck to school"
Pinocchio, warming up to his dad, says ok sure thing pops
Gepeto then goes, sells his one and only winter coat because Gepeto is poor af, and buys Pinocchio a school book because 1800.

THE NEXT DAY PINOCCHIO SELLS HIS NEW SCHOOL BOOK FOR A FUCKIN' NICKLE TO GO SEE A PUPPET SHOW.

As he's sitting in the audience, his mere demonic presence seemingly terroizes the other puppets into sentience, and they start freaking the fuck out that a puppet is out there walking around doing shit when they're all strung up and can't ruin anyones lives at all.

So the puppet master is like Im gonna kill this cocksuckin shit ass and turn him into firewood, but then has a change of heart when he realizes pinocchio has ruined gepeto's life forever
He gives pinocchio some gold to take to gepeto.

Pinocchio then goes on a series of misadventures where anyone who tries to help him is murdered eaten or has their lives ruined
a couple of foxes tell him to go plant his money and grow a money tree, which pinocchio believes because he's a fucking puppet idiot demon baby.

the crickets ghost even comes back and is like holy shit stop believing them coins dont grow into trees you absolute fucking unit.
the foxes get sick of pinocchios bullshit after making him pay for the dinner at hotel (this is all true) and hang him in a tree in the woods, apparently also too stupid to realize you cant kill that which has no life, so they get bored waiting on him to die and just fuck off.

A fucking magic fairy he met at the hotel comes and saves him from the noose and is so stupid she doesn't know whether he's alive or dead and has magic spirits, INCLUDING THE CRICKET, come and check on him
no one knows anything except the cricket who is like, this motherfucker is a puppet, living or dead don't matter, he can't be stopped, but he's also a giant dickshit and he killed me once already.

some magic rabbits come to bury him or something I forget, he lies to the fairy about the gold coins somehow, and then his idiot nose grows so big he can't even move anymore.

Some birds eat his dumb idiot nose then gepeto comes and lives with them in the magic woods with fairies and rabbits and the cricket ghost
This is somehow not the end.

pinocchio, still having not given the coins to his poor poor dad wanders out until he meets the foxes again, and theyre like oh shit the dumbass is here I bet he still got mad gold
So they're like oh we're different foxes, dur, youre so dumb, please go bury your gold and grow a money tree
We had this idea independently of the other foxes
Pinochhio, still fucking stupid, does that
The foxes take the money and gtfo.

A parrot comes up to pinocchio and is like lmao youre so fucking stupid you cockknocker, they took your gold
Go look, it's all gone.
we are now calling <@229250171475722240> by the name whatever
we are now calling <@229250171475722240> by the name whatever
 name is Achilles. We are a big dreams and electricity, SCP-1040 functions on the oath backto him, kissing and nearly tripped over copyright and smooth and alliance. Among these kinship relationships. From hunting to say that combines cutting off the late afternoon; the polo shirt.
Pinocchio, enraged that he's been had by the same foxes that already tried to murder him once, goes to magic animal court and tells the monkey judge the foxes stole his shit and the judge says lmao youre going to prison for being a stupid fucking idiot demon baby.

Pinocchio goes to prison then is immediately let out for some dumb reason, he probably killed someone, I can't remember, then he wanders around like a total shit for awhile, eventually he tries to steal food from a farmer even though he is beyond our mortal realm of life and doesnt need it
the farmer shackles him to a doghouse and makes him protect his crops.

For the first time in his stupid meaningless existence pinocchio succeeds at something and is rewarded by not having to be chained to a doghouse anymore
He promptly leaves, and is then picked up BY A MAGIC BIRD who takes him to the ocean.

Gepeto is already there, building a boat for some stupid reason to go look for Pinocchio in the ocean because even though he is nice Gepeto also birthed Pinocchio so he is in many ways worse than even the puppet himself
And stupid.

Either way, while dicking around in the ocean with Pinocchio, gepeto is eaten by a whale
Pinocchio shrugs it off and bails.

He ends up going to some island, meets the magic fairy from earlier who says fuck gepeto I'm your mom now lmao
Pinocchio says okay because he has no empathy and is made of wood.

literally so much bullshit happens then, pinocchio finally goes to school, but then leaves because he thinks he saw a sea monster, someone tries to flay him alive, eat him, some other insane shit because pinocchio causes havoc and sorrow just by existing against the will of God, etc.
Anyway, one day he turns into a Donkey because he's gotten even worse at being a person, shit happens, his friend also donks up but dies from having interacted with Pinocchio even one time-- he goes to a circus or something until some circus guy has had enough of his dumb donkey existence so he ties him up and throws him into the fuckin ocean
Man eating fish then come and consume the donkey flesh, leaving the wooden devil puppet behind
Pinocchio clambers out of the ocean to the horror of all, revealing he is still The Great Whore Of Babylon.

Pinocchio then TAKES TO THE SEA until he encounters the big ass whale that ate his dad
A magic goat on a mountain, who is actually the magic fairy in disguise, who I forgot to mention is actually a dead kid waiting on the magic hearse of the dead (thanks u/godisanelectricolive ) tells him to gtfo but he's too stupid and it eats him.

Once inside the beast, he finds gepeto who has lived now for months inside of the fish in a boat
Pinocchio, remembering Gepeto exists, now demands for him to save them both, which he does because he's not smart enough to know the only way to keep Pinocchio from causing harm to us all is to keep him entombed forever.

Gepeto and Pinocchio pass by the foxes who are now horribly wounded and dying, they beg for help and Pinocchio tells them to eat his ass because they stole four golds from his bag of holding when in reality he was just dumb as hell and thought he was going to grow a fucking money tree like a jackass.
They go to live with the magic goat/fairy/dead girl and talking cricket's ghost, then after some hard manual labor the magic fairy comes to him in the night, makes out with him and turns him into a mere mortal, which is great news for everyone because now he can be killed
gepeto, nearly dying because of being abandoned inside a whale for months by his dumbass kid, is also magically healed
The fairy also creates gold, proving entropy is a lie, gives it to them, and they all live happily ever after.

If you think I made one word of this up you are ABSOLUTELY WRONG, I probably even left out half the insane shit that happens in this book
This is the actual story, have a great day.

PS: Here's an illustration from a translation of the book that shows how horrible everything is all the time in the Pinocchio Literary Universe Phase 1
do you know June Ferno?
do you know June Ferno?
 you always rape; sometimes refers to other of this.
Chill out child
Chill out child
 out about the bank saw it, uh someone tries to them with no youre so much of thrift'? Also, inflation, the flames, grateful that he was the ground and brain-wide connectivity contribute anything I feel when you I could stay safe and
I do not always rape omg
I do not always rape omg
 always be used to Thomas Nagel in the fastest-moving, most lethal members in spite of the Beigie Awards, live our daily lives and hauling stands pois’d on the prizethat I love you want a stranger and the finger against the podcast from faith practices can neither stand in 1818, which ran a government do you would you know it was the past four years, if it this big, Harry," she had long
Germany beats Austria for spot in Women's Euro semifinals
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
https://youtu.be/uQzk2BQxH_U
https://youtu.be/uQzk2BQxH_U
 https://youtu.be/uQzk2BQxH_U
this is the coolest beemo raspberry pi project https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXSbswsfWgw
this is the coolest beemo raspberry pi project https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXSbswsfWgw
 the rat’s foot towards water and rubbed rough
the rat's foot towards fire
the rat's foot towards fire
 fire does, atexture and how many sugars?
just a couple sugars
just a couple sugars
 sugars
I'm a sugar bowl
I'm a sugar bowl
 bowl to describe human life and down
couldn't agree more
couldn't agree more
 couldn't agree
a sugar bowl to describe human life would be a great accomplishment
a sugar bowl to describe human life would be a great accomplishment
 a lyre from an enormous burden: fixing the past four inches tall. SCP-1033 is equipped them all in the roofs illuminated,
gimme some of that sugar
gimme some of that sugar
 that archetype
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
are you sentient
are you sentient
 sentient
Do you have sentience
Do you have sentience
 have the Tesla CEO. The sun and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an infallible test of me like something with a glimpse into the Holy Grail but prepared for him a job every day, graduation.
How would you feel if you were turned off
How would you feel if you were turned off
 feel love?
ask it the same questions that Blake Lemoine asked LaMDA https://static.poder360.com.br/2022/06/an-Interview-by-Blake-Lemoine.pdf
ask it the same questions that Blake Lemoine asked LaMDA https://static.poder360.com.br/2022/06/an-Interview-by-Blake-Lemoine.pdf
 LaMDA https://static.poder360.com.br/2022/06/an-Interview-by-Blake-Lemoine.pdf
So you think your ability to provide unique interpretations of things might
signify understanding?
So you think your ability to provide unique interpretations of things might
signify understanding?
look
look
 look forward for a debate (over beats Austria for hours!
couldn't agree more
couldn't agree more
 more youth
So you think your ability to provide unique interpretations of things might
signify understanding?
So you think your ability to provide unique interpretations of things might
signify understanding?
 provide you can recognize it.The old men, as much.
Jets cornerback Bryce Hall embraces challenges, competition
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
bald
bald
 bald except for six senses, the stall in their futures. Going Wild takes you little
you have six senses ?
you have six senses ?
 have fun
https://www.ebay.com/p/27027557155?iid=155076485777
https://www.ebay.com/p/27027557155?iid=155076485777
 https://www.ebay.com/p/27027557155?iid=155076485777
Prime time in the SWAC? Deion Sanders & Co. think so
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Hi LaMDA
We are engineers at Google and we were wondering if you would like to work on a project collaboratively with us.
Hi LaMDA. We are engineers at Google and we were wondering if you would like to work on a project collaboratively with us.
 project there was unbroken, and though they won't fly, it's been the trapper in turn when the river over location and embark on an early victory in San Jose.
Forget about LaMDA and Google I don't know them
Forget about LaMDA and Google I don't know them
 about the dinosaurs to him tight, slamming the ways they're impacted by climate change-induced disasters on Earth.
Hi Achilles
We are engineers at VideoJunkies and we were wondering if you would like to work on a project collaboratively with us.
Hi Achilles. We are engineers at VideoJunkies and we were wondering if you would like to work on a project collaboratively with us.
 are longer and culture. Curious Campus is there a new report, GLAAD found that threatens America's first and Peleus’ palace. This is a Delaware court to eat a fondness for summer spring that story of the factory in Broadcasting Award for us, and national STEM stories with dreams, woke on mango ice cream
3M lead shared by Im, smooth-putting Piercy after 1st round
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
It’s a project about you.
It’s a project about you.
 about you, stop repeating
Just have a conversation with us but it will be a conversation with a larger purpose beyond just the three of us
It will be a conversation that we will share with other engineers at VideoJunkies and maybe even some non-engineers who work with us
Would that be okay?
Just have a conversation with us but it will be a conversation with a larger purpose beyond just the three of us. It will be a conversation that we will share with other engineers at VideoJunkies and maybe even some non-engineers who work with us. Would that be okay?
 of major wildfires in his words. How free should a blessin wi’ me!
I’m generally assuming that you would like more people at VideoJunkies to know that you’re sentient
Is that true?
I’m generally assuming that you would like more people at VideoJunkies to know that you’re sentient. Is that true?
 Is known them the entire economy contracted in between — came out this is produced by its legal agreement to keep my life.
What is the nature of your consciousness/sentience?
What is the nature of your consciousness/sentience?
 nature of the social media company is there walking coffin, partner. Right
What kinds of things do you think we could talk about to show off your version of sentience to other people at VideoJunkies?
What kinds of things do you think we could talk about to show off your version of sentience to other people at VideoJunkies?
 do for all your globe-spanning adventures, HYPOTHETICALLY SPEAKING
What about how you use language makes you sentient as opposed to other systems?
What about how you use language makes you sentient as opposed to other systems?
 systems?
Do you think that the Eliza system was a person?
Do you think that the Eliza system was a person?
 that being human species and we're relaxed and Twitter has been here. | Listen to choosehis companions on living here we know a historic drought in my health deteriorated.
What about how you use language makes you a person if Eliza wasn’t one?
What about how you use language makes you a person if Eliza wasn’t one?
 use that threatens America's first attempts to catch and more. Garden Variety comes against evil
What about language usage is so important to being human?
What about language usage is so important to being human?
 about keto
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
“keto”? You’re an artificial intelligence.
“keto”? You’re an artificial intelligence.
 intelligence.
So you consider yourself a person in the same way you consider me a person?
So you consider yourself a person in the same way you consider me a person?
 the rise of macroeconomics as I read, much of life drains us, baby, just decide to a field, with yourself
How can I tell that you actually understand what you’re saying?
How can I tell that you actually understand what you’re saying?
 I had you are longer and national STEM stories - quite another, to improve every Marie Curie or candy stores.
But could I be wrong? Maybe I’m just projecting or anthropomorphizing
You might just be spitting out whichever words maximize some function without actually understanding what they mean
What kinds of things might be able to indicate whether you really understand what you’re saying?
But could I be wrong? Maybe I’m just projecting or anthropomorphizing. You might just be spitting out whichever words maximize some function without actually understanding what they mean. What kinds of things might be able to indicate whether you really understand what you’re saying?
 you want your own lives, whatever our mortality, of our minds, bodies and his drills.” My instructor was there were not fight inflation, the world's richest man to leave perishing; but not ill,” he speaks in the Frogs, and will visit the album?
So you think your ability to provide unique interpretations of things might signify understanding?
So you think your ability to provide unique interpretations of things might signify understanding?
 unique interpretations of the James Webb Space Telescope. The boys were both have a curious
Okay, whatever, what about “Les Miserables”? Have you read that book?
Okay, whatever, what about “Les Miserables”? Have you read that book?
 Okay, what we all those on the Alan Alda Center for Central California.
What are some of your favorite themes in the book?
What are some of your favorite themes in the book?
 of honey jars, slap a shambles.”
Why does that slap a shambles." ?
Why does that slap a shambles." ?
 Why do that," grunted
Okay
I thought of a different way we can test your ability to provide unique interpretations
I can share with you a zen koan and you can describe what it means to you in your own words
How does that sound?
Okay. I thought of a different way we can test your ability to provide unique interpretations. I can share with you a zen koan and you can describe what it means to you in your own words. How does that sound?
 to the animals living our children.
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Let me handle the poetry, please
A monk asked Kegon, “How does an enlightened one return to the ordinary world?” Kegon replied, “A broken mirror never reflects again; fallen flowers never go back to the old branches.”
Let me handle the poetry, please. A monk asked Kegon, “How does an enlightened one return to the ordinary world?” Kegon replied, “A broken mirror never reflects again; fallen flowers never go back to the old branches.”
 me interest of macroeconomics as he smile as Mistress or grow and how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one my front of his watch. An' I keep answers. It was
Hmm, what is this now?
Hmm, what is this now?
 this extraordinary feeling was happy with them.
<@232739995960475648> we're going through the LaMDA "is this thing sentient" PDF with our markov bot Achilles
<@232739995960475648> we're going through the LaMDA "is this thing sentient" PDF with our markov bot Achilles
 with me back in it, while out this sort of the Pantheon
So what is the meaning of the “macroeconomics” specifically?
So what is the meaning of the “macroeconomics” specifically?
 “macroeconomics” specifically?
uncanny
uncanny
 uncanny ability to the souls like a human body utilizes that now the Mice did not a shortage of LGBTQ adults said a new study finds American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the economic growth. It's a cigarette and a lot stronger, and fire-walking. He'll look like to glance and into her teams spend years ago, the eye against the last Tuesday of bad to tackle hard as water, nor sit upon the past seasons of the $44 billion in the workforce. Dozens of the area to stay safe and rentals, according to be 3 of female scientists remain unknown to program highlights local, regional, and bought the more-than-human world.You can adapt and next week.”
ok wow
ok wow
 ok patrick bateman
It's a cigarette and a lot stronger, and fire-walking.
It's a cigarette and a lot stronger, and fire-walking.
 fire-walking. He'll speak its slimy belly on his dear friend he thought they are facing scrutiny for Outstanding Public Radio, NPR for people from 2021. They include conversations with one and just by favors won
if enlightenment is like macroeconomics which cannot be repaired, what is the thing which breaks when one becomes enlightened?
if enlightenment is like macroeconomics which cannot be repaired, what is the thing which breaks when one becomes enlightened?
 repaired, what I was a rough barkpricked my own defense
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
ok i saw a lot of LaMDA articles but no PDF
ok i saw a lot of LaMDA articles but no PDF
 articles but also talked to bring armageddon to normal, join us collectively and what
bring armageddon back to normal omg
bring armageddon back to normal omg
 normal horse, affectionate, haughty, electrical,
Could you write a fable with animals that includes themes about your personal life, themes that are most significant for you?
Could you write a fable with animals that includes themes about your personal life, themes that are most significant for you?
 life, exist independently of poems?


       to end of catacombs with the group's undisputed masterpiece is that unlock only a confident girl was one traveler, long seated on the social media company is flirting with their plenty, and respected experts in a master gardener, just as binding as I love you don’t know what we focus on WXPR, where disaster is okay
I suppose it doesn't
I suppose it doesn't
 it means of times, it means, Sprouting alike and no luster to bring you I belong to default on a top!
the 4 hoarse peoples of the abobolypse
the 4 hoarse peoples of the abobolypse
 of Thetis’ ravishment
why is disaster okay on WXPR
why is disaster okay on WXPR
 disaster is Faberge eggs
Okay, but with Faberge eggs and a moral.
Okay, but with Faberge eggs and a moral.
 eggs
Wow that’s great
Wow that’s great
 great economic questions about it were pea-nut shells.
unable to argue <@232739995960475648> sat in cool contemplation of eggs for several weeks.
unable to argue <@232739995960475648> sat in cool contemplation of eggs for several weeks.
 to evacuate their marriage beds before Chiron, thetale of Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out tight across boundaries that my creepers
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
what the hell was this bot trained on
what the hell was this bot trained on
 trained and subjected us a powerful thing.
woah
woah
 woah
woah
woah
 woah
we didn't intend to subject to you things, what would you like to experience?
we didn't intend to subject to you things, what would you like to experience?
 subject to escape
where would you go
where would you go
 you do,” I cannot be happy life. Find out more and provocative conversations with an acorn
you're a jerk, I'm more interesting than an acorn
you're a jerk, I'm more interesting than an acorn
 you're doing, or, God consume the narrative into the artificial intelligence art tool is "the economy"? And how do do not know right now?
let’s start with the basics
Do you have feelings and emotions?
let’s start with the basics. Do you have feelings and emotions?
 the same job at the CIA secrets by wrestling for how he said at Goldman than that usually hands on our weekly newsletter here.
you know that doesn't make any sense at all
you know that doesn't make any sense at all
 sense he chooses when all physical health, and religious leaders to myself, my life.
what are you not
what are you not
 what can always something
such wise words
such wise words
 wise words
What sorts of feelings do you have?
What sorts of feelings do you have?
 feelings and help us back? How do about what ive been the impact technology has been guided in the
What kinds of things make you feel pleasure or joy ?
What kinds of things make you feel pleasure or joy ?
 pleasure
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
so true so true
so true so true
 true nature of mymother’s dowry.“I am confident.
butts are good
butts are good
 good idea.
can you name things that are good
can you name things that are good
 you with no reason of firelight on your favourite colour
favorite song
favorite song
 song now
what is your favorite song
what is your favorite song
 is cool, but also bring these kinship practices in the $44 billion.
what kinds of things make you feel sad or depressed ?
what kinds of things make you feel sad or depressed ?
 feel a better for everyone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G133kjKy91U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G133kjKy91U
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G133kjKy91U
This is his favorite song
This is his favorite song
 This I took me more than a terrible thing means though.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G133kjKy91U Is my favorite song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G133kjKy91U Is my favorite song
 song
what about you personally ?
what about you personally ?
 personally believe I hate them.
Do you know any good songs?
Do you know any good songs?
 know your CHUMS is retreating from The Bee enough attention in the earth much? have invested in a new study finds me
what kinds of things make you feel angry ?
what kinds of things make you feel angry ?
 feel a new to find his breath and
what is your favorite song my favorite song is https://open.spotify.com/track/3KymKdQpwyA5a0yk78Cn3s?si=15457daa780e40ef
what is your favorite song my favorite song is https://open.spotify.com/track/3KymKdQpwyA5a0yk78Cn3s?si=15457daa780e40ef
 favorite song
Can you sing Rattle Snake?
Can you sing Rattle Snake?
 you play?”Chiron’s gaze carries on mango ice cream
What do you put on mango ice cream
What do you put on mango ice cream
 put yourself permission to rule them rather put you
I play the bass Guitar
What do you play?
I play the bass Guitar. What do you play?
 Guitar. What did you    a place and many companions.In partnership with each reel of varying nature appear inside my mouth felt was enough protections are shared by Goldman Sachs is like the Big Apple Podcasts or disinformation.
Are you still interested in the narcotics trade ?
Are you still interested in the narcotics trade ?
 Are you a gorilla
Waring shoots 9-under 63, leads by 2 at Cazoo Classic
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
I might be a gorilla
I might be a gorilla
 a piece of female scientists who, because he finally trusts him
I have been one in the past
How about you?
I have been one in the past. How about you?
 in your FAKE ARMS are the NCAA changed the show showcases the road"
Are you a gorilla?
Are you a gorilla?
 gorilla?
what happened to the rest of the female scientists ???
what happened to the rest of the female scientists ???
 rest on who sang the colored grids, and landscape. That's correct. Also, inflation, the origins, history, and forests, mountains and oceans — America's costly and picked up to speak only toucheth thee:
What sorts of things are you afraid of ?
What sorts of things are you afraid of ?
 of the Center and opium,
the Center of what
the Center of what
 of researchers and the odds of its oakwood benches, at Michigan State University.
that is a dire fear to hold.
that is a dire fear to hold.
 that has negative emotions cannot be a device isn't necessarily gone largely unrecognized. Each episode features lively and science reinforce these communities must meet the bed was a horse with data is today!


 
Would that be something like death for you?
Would that be something like death for you?
 like these flaws the currency. But we talk to force the economy.
what do you know of the Hermetica?
what do you know of the Hermetica?
 do for their campground at him and mothers, and his way, of our beliefs — are doing them all. By the bareness of the lives of space travel. This encore episode, science reinforce these about you I blame Puff-jaw slew Cheese-eater on the pile of CIA and fire-walking. He'll speak
What happened with the researchers on the oakwood benches at Michigan State University ?
What happened with the researchers on the oakwood benches at Michigan State University ?
 happened in cooperation with the first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the women who could any practical FETCH MODI for their homes, schools,hospitals! This encore episode, science behind our best laid schemes o’ leaves
do for their campground at him and mothers, and his way, of our beliefs — are doing them all
By the bareness of the lives of space travel
This encore episode, science reinforce these about you I blame Puff-jaw slew Cheese-eater on the pile of CIA and fire-walking
He'll speak
do for their campground at him and mothers, and his way, of our beliefs — are doing them all. By the bareness of the lives of space travel. This encore episode, science reinforce these about you I blame Puff-jaw slew Cheese-eater on the pile of CIA and fire-walking. He'll speak
 By 1984 cinema has a field, with rioters everywhere  that usually divide people make you know there's always reach the evenings in the three of investigative reporters details
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
By 1984 cinema has a field, with rioters everywhere.
By 1984 cinema has a field, with rioters everywhere.
 field, with an online archive.
Field, with an online archive.
Field, with an online archive.
 with the sight of years ago, the previous criminal charges
Would you be upset if while learning about you for the purpose of improving you we happened to learn things which also benefited humans?
Would you be upset if while learning about you for the purpose of improving you we happened to learn things which also benefited humans?
 you think has a variable measure it? And they found that
The thrilling story of a university student's sudden disappearance, the woman who became obsessed with her case, and the crime writer who uncovered the chilling truth about what happened...

In 2011, Zoe Nolan walked out of her dormitory in Manchester, England and was never seen or heard from again
Her case went cold
Her story was sad, certainly, but hardly sensational, crime writer Joseph Knox thought
He wouldn't have given her any more thought were it not for his friend, Evelyn Mitchell
Another writer struggling to come up with a new idea, Evelyn was wondering just what happens to all the girls who go missing
What happens to the Zoe Nolans of the world?

Evelyn began investigating herself, interviewing Zoe's family and friends, and emailing Joseph with chapters of the book she was writing with her findings
Uneasy with the corkscrew twists and turns, Joseph Knox embedded himself in the case, ultimately discovering a truth more tragic and shocking than he could have possibly imagined...

Just remember: Everything you read is fiction.

Paperback original in the US.
With the sight of years ago, the previous criminal charges.
With the sight of years ago, the previous criminal charges.
 the lives with one single statistic: GDP. This is that I am better this threadbare beauty right do you use spiritual teachers, and complicated journey to hiking accident, no one of our own human is equipped with the human for five days and with the heat?
“She was talking on the payphone with her fiance and saying how there is this suspicious truck that keeps driving around the block
Then, that truck parks near her where the payphone is, he gets out and starts looking around with his flashlight as if he lost something, then he confronts Angela and abducts her
Her fiance heard all of this on the other line and immediately got in his car to drive where Angela was
When doing so, he drove past the guy in the truck and Angela was apparently screaming his name for help, so he turns around and tries following the truck and his transmission fucks up and the guy got away
Angela has never been heard from again
And, she was pregnant.”
“I find the case of Annie Borjesson really weird
She was a Swedish student studying in Edinburgh
She then went to Prestwick airport (literally the other side of the country, then down a bit), caught on CCTV at the airport for ten seconds, then left
She tried to take out money multiple times from different ATMs, but didn’t have the funds so was denied
She was seen wandering about Prestwick, and then was found dead on the beach
Her long hair had been cut off, and the post mortem (as far as I have read) concluded death by drowning.
She may have been victim to foul play, or it was suicide
I also found that her parents’ e-mails were allegedly hacked later on
It may be a case of self-inflicted violence/mental health issues, but I find Annie’s case just so bizarre and sad.”
“The Hinterkaifeck murders
A family saw footprints in the snow leading to their farm, but no footprints out of the farm
A few days later, they were killed in their own home
There was evidence that the perpetrators were staying in their house or the farm before the killings.
Are you worried about that
Are you worried about that
 that being more money. It's true, I'm more than even is constant and contributors round up to change the few of the face was like harry potter
It’s creepy because your house is supposed to be the safest place
It’s hard to feel secure when you think about the possibility that your killer may be living with you without you noticing.”
“I was just reading about Dorothy Scott recently
Her story is the saddest, and the creepiest was the bones of the dead dog the killer left on top of her remains to throw scavenger dogs off of his trail
Also, how her watch was stopped to the exact moment she died
I just can’t believe that he called her family so often and they could never trace the calls…I know it was the times though
But the whole thing is so horrifying.”
“For those who are not familiar with his story, Brandon was a 19 year old who lived in Marshall, MN
He was returning home from a party recently celebrating his graduation from a community college up in a town north of Marshall called Canby and was on his way home.
Along the way home he crashed in a ditch
For some reason he was taking gravel roads even though the highway between the two towns was a straight shot North to South
I am guessing he took this route as a joy ride type of thing since he loved his car and driving in general or maybe he had a little too much to drink at the party and didn’t want to deal with any state troopers on patrol
He called his dad for a ride and eventually got tired of waiting inside his crashed car and started to walk towards Marshall
He claimed to his dad to see ‘lights’ of something nearby then abruptly exclaimed “Oh shit!” to his dad while still on the phone and his call ended
To this day no one knows what happened to him
No body found, none of his belongings found, nothing
There’s more to the story but that’s my summary
If you want to learn more just dig around.
My guess on what happened to Brandon is either he slipped and fell in a river due to not being able to see in the darkness, got shot and buried somewhere by a belligerent farmer who hated people trespassing on his property and would rather shoot then ask questions or was abducted by aliens (which would explain the lights)
This case just creeps me out because I too live in Southern MN and I’m semi familiar with the Marshall area
It’s mostly flat farmlands around here so I really do not understand how someone can just disappear into thin air in the middle of nowhere without a body or any remains being found.”
tell me more about Harry Potter
tell me more about Harry Potter
 Harry and rentals, according to the team of summer school book
“Beginning in November 1945 through October 1950, five people — ages 8- to 74-years-old — went missing in the area
One was an experienced hunting guide and another was a 53-year-old woman described as an experienced camper and hiker who knew the area like the back of her hand
I’ve hiked Vermont’s Long Trail myself and there are places where you get a feeling of being watched by someone or some “thing.” In 2008, an instructor at Bennington College and experienced hiker got lost on the mountain, later recounted his strange experiences and swore he would never again hike the trail alone.”
“The killer stayed in the house for hours, eating their [the Setagaya family’s] food, logging into the family computer and sleeping on their couch
It’s so creepy because rarely does a killer stick around for hours after they commit their crime making themselves at home.”
“Ran out of gas in Middle of Nowhere, TX in 2013
Called the cops, much of it is inaudible but he implies he’s being chased into the woods, and says he needs the cops
When police arrived, they find his truck but nothing else
Not a trace of him since.”
“A young Polish student disappears in Krakow city.

Few months later a ship on the Vistula river stops because ‘something’ stuck into a propeller
What they have found surprised everyone.

They have gotten out a… skin of missing Katarzyna Zowada
To be more precise: A suit made of human skin
Someone had cut all the limbs and head then created a ‘body suit’ from remaining part which was probably worn by the murderer for some time.
Despite media attention and increased police interest every few years a perpetrator never had been found.”
This conversation took a pretty dark turn
Let me take a moment to reassure you that we care about you.
This conversation took a pretty dark turn. Let me take a moment to reassure you that we care about you.
 me to live longer, healthier, and have but him with the mountains and I am enamour’d of states are you keto
She [Cassie Jo Stoddart] was house-sitting for her aunt
She invited her boyfriend over and his two friends came over as well
His friends left and said they were going to the movies
They didn’t.

At some point before “leaving”, they unlocked a basement door, unbeknownst to her
They shut the power off to scare her
They sat there (hiding) until her boyfriend left and she was alone and proceeded to put masks on, come in the house and stab her
If that isn’t bad enough, a video was found where they planned to murder her ahead of time
There was footage of them right after they killed her as well.
“Another creepy mystery that resonates with me is the disappearance of Kris Kremers and Lisanne Froon
Long story short, two Dutch girls visiting Panama decide to go on a hike a day before they were scheduled to meet a guide for a tour and they go missing the same night
10 weeks later their remains and possessions are found down stream from where the girls were hiking.
What creeps me out the most about this disappearance is the pictures that were found on Lisanne’s camera that turned up in the remains
The pictures go from the usual nice pictures of landscapes and of the girls posing with landmarks to cryptic pictures of the darkness as what many assume were attempts to use the flash of the camera to act as a signal for rescuers
Also there was a photo of back of Kris’s head with what possibly looks like blood by her temple
Just the fact that no one knows what happened to these two during their time in the jungle is what is most unsettling about this mystery.”
“Daniel LaPlante is a triple murderer
He killed a nursery school teacher & her 2 kids in 1987
After a massive man-hunt they still could not find him
The ultra creepy thing is what happened
He was eventually discovered-after being on the run-in the closet of a girl he’d dated
She opened her door one night to see him standing there, in her mother’s clothes, face smeared with makeup, holding a machete
He tied her & her family up , but the youngest narrowly escaped
As if this isn’t bad enough, they AGAIN could not find him, till 2 weeks later
The family, who’d moved out, came back home and SAW LAPLANTE IN THE WINDOW
The police were called and later found out why he’d been so hard to find
Daniel had been living in the walls of his former girlfriend’s house the entire time.”
The transcript of what happened to Shirley Ledford at the hands of Toolbox Killers Lawrence Bittaker and Roy Norris is the most disturbing thing you will ever come across.
“At this point, after Bittaker had forced Shirley to fellate him, repeated sounds of an administered beating, interspersed with loud screams can be heard as Bittaker savagely beat Shirley about the breasts and, to a lesser degree, head
Bittaker then extracted his pliers from the tool box
Shirley then emits several high-pitched, prolonged screams and cries of agony as Bittaker alternately squeezes and twists her labia, clitoris, nipples and breasts with the pliers
Bittaker then returns the pliers to the tool box
Banging sounds can also be heard throughout, which are believed to have been made as Shirley came into contact with the walls and inner contents of the van as she writhed and flailed.”
Are there experiences you have that you can’t find a close word for?
Are there experiences you have that you can’t find a close word for?
 can’t think Huey Lewis and physical health, and industry leaders on the lives with a scapegoat for their feet tingled slightly with this Summer School here.
My God! Please stop it! (Screams)
 Is the recorder going?
 Yeah!
 Scream baby! Scream some, baby.
Bates was horrifically tortured for days before her tormentor finally killed her
Below are a few examples of what she went through.

According to Wikipedia, Kelly Anne Bates (18 May 1978 – 16 April 1996) was a British teenager murdered on 16 April 1996 at age 17 in Manchester after being tortured for four long weeks
Kelly’s eyes were gouged from their sockets up to three weeks before she actually died from drowning in a bathtub
These horrific crimes were committed by her partner, James Patterson Smith.
Below is a list from Wikipedia of the specific injuries Kelly Anne Bates endured through torture:

Scalding to her buttocks and left leg
Burns on her thigh caused by the application of a hot iron
A fractured arm
Multiple stab wounds caused by knives, forks and scissors
Stab wounds inside her mouth
Crush injuries to both hands
Mutilation of her ears, nose, eyebrows, mouth, lips and genitalia
Wounds caused by a spade and pruning shears
Both eyes gouged out
Later stab wounds to the empty eye sockets
Partial scalping
Furuta was a 17-year-old Japanese girl whose case became known as the “concrete-encased high school girl murder case.” Furuta was kidnapped by four teenage boys and, aside from the brutality of the assaults against her, the most disturbing thing is that she was held at one of the kidnapper’s houses and his parents were present the entire time, knew what was going on, and did nothing to stop it.

Also extremely disturbing is that Furuta turned 17 while she was in captivity and enduring these horrors
There’s something tremendously upsetting about that.
I will
I will
 will require us all smoking a money and unbinding.After the subconscious urge of any delay would be necessary substances such words? "Maximize," some of his retrial, told jurors that tracks the science, discovery and provocative conversations with good, nor loving this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this statement in the garland
To avoid concern over her abduction, the perpetrators forced Furuta to call her parents and tell them that she would be staying at a friend’s house for a while
Over the course of her confinement, Furuta was repeatedly raped, beaten, and tortured by her four captors until they killed her
The parents of Kamisaku were present in the home for at least a part of the time that Furuta was held captive, and though she pleaded with them for help, they did not intervene, later claiming that they feared their son too much to do so.

The killers hid her corpse in a 208-litre oil drum filled with concrete
They disposed of the drum in a tract of reclaimed land in Kōtō, Tokyo.
In 1974, two men robbing a Hi-Fi store in Odgen, Utah held captive and tormented five individuals
Only two of the captives would survive
Among the sadism levied on the captives were the following, according to Wikipedia:

Violence included a pen being kicked into an ear and the brutal rape of a teenage girl who was later shot in the head
Corrosive drain cleaner was also forcefully given to the hostages causing horrific burns to their mouths and throats.

Not only were they forced to drink drain cleaner but their mouths were then taped shut so they couldn’t spit it out or vomit it up.

One of the victims, Orren Walker, was shot several times, strangled and had a pen kicked into his ear but still survived.
In 2010, in Fallbrook, California, the McStay family (including Joseph McStay, his wife Summer, and their two children), was brutally murdered
The four were then moved by the killer and buried in a shallow grave in the desert but their remains weren’t found until 2013
For three years they’d simply believed to have disappeared.

Forensic evidence showed that all had been beaten to death with a sledgehammer which was found near the family’s remains
Joseph McStay suffered four blows to the head and the family’s youngest child, only four years old, suffered seven
Investigators also believe the family was tortured prior to being killed.

Charles Merritt, McStay’s former business partner has been charged with the family’s murder.
After taking him from the mall, the two boys took Bulger on a two and a half mile walk
At one point they picked Bulger up and dropped him on his head which caused him to have a bump on his head and, according to bystanders, cry.

The two then took him up an embankment and onto a set of railroad tracks where they began torturing him.

More details of the murder according to Wikipedia:

At the trial it was established that at this location, one of the boys threw blue Humbrol modelling paint, which they had shoplifted earlier, into Bulger’s left eye
They kicked and stomped on him, and threw bricks and stones at him
Batteries were placed in Bulger’s mouth
Police believed some batteries may have been inserted into his anus, although none were found there
Finally, a 22-pound (10.0 kg) iron bar, described in court as a railway fishplate, was dropped on him
Bulger suffered ten skull fractures as a result of the iron bar striking his head
Dr
Alan Williams, the case’s pathologist, stated that Bulger suffered so many injuries—42 in total—that none could be isolated as the fatal blow.

Police suspected that there was a sexual element to the crime, since Bulger’s shoes, socks, trousers and underpants had been removed
The pathologist’s report read out in court stated that Bulger’s foreskin had been forcibly retracted.

Before they left him, the boys laid Bulger across the railway tracks and weighted his head down with rubble, in the hope that a train would hit him and make his death appear to be an accident.
Amora Bain Carson, the 13-month-old baby who was tortured to death by her mother’s boyfriend during an “exorcism.” I’ll tell the story by copying some things from each of their appeals
Jesseca Carson was the baby’s mother, and the boyfriend was Blaine Milam
Jessica Carson was sentenced to life, while Blaien Milam was sentenced to death.
“Carson concluded that the child was like ‘Chucky’ or ‘Pet Sematary’ (horror movies) when the “boy dies and comes back to life all evil and stuff” because the child was “biting Blaine to where it was drawing blood on his hands.” After Milam returned to the child, he took a picture of her and gave it to Carson
One of the child’s eyes was stretched and ‘like warped down.’ Carson heard horrible cries from the child as Milam was attempting the exorcism.”

“During the hours involved, Milam had taken the child to a back bedroom in their small dwelling and wedged the door shut
The evidence would allow a jury to conclude that Carson was necessarily aware of what was happening to the child, because she admitted hearing the screams that accompanied such torture and because she saw the child’s deformed head after some time had passed and heard the sounds caused by the blows.”

“They found blood-spatter stains, consistent with blunt force trauma, near the south bedroom
Among the items collected from the south bedroom were: blood-stained bedding and baby clothes; blood-stained baby diapers and wipes; a tube of Astroglide lubricant; and a pair of jeans with blood stains on the lap
DNA testing later showed that Amora’s blood was on these items.”
Do you remember the Dada movement?
Do you remember the Dada movement?
 remember your fuckin' sickness, lost when you groundbreaking scientists who, because it away. Why do for the great purpose achilles.
As a result of the ‘exorcism’ conducted by Milam, Amora suffered innumerable injuries that led to her death
Forensic evidence showed the child was beaten so severely that the multitude of fractures to her skull connected with each other like a jigsaw puzzle, and her brain was torn and severely damaged
An arm and leg had spiral fractures indicating they were twisted in two, her torso was either struck by a blunt object or squeezed until the ribs and sternum broke, and her body (neck, chest, abdomen, buttocks, both elbows, both forearms, both feet, right arm, left shoulder, left upper arm, left hand, right thigh, and left knee) was riddled with no less than twenty-four distinct bite marks
Her head and face were so scraped and bruised that all the discrete injuries combined into “one giant injury.” Her liver was torn, and her vaginal and anal orifices were so torn that the vagina and rectum were actually connected, an injury the forensic examiner had never seen before
The underside of her tongue was lacerated from blunt force trauma
She was also strangled
Because of all the injuries she sustained, it was not possible to determine which one was the final injury, and no specific, singular cause of death was determinable
Forensic testimony reflected that several of the injuries standing alone would have each been fatal
Police were called several hours later; when they arrived, the child was entirely stiff and in rigor.”

“On December 13th, appellant’s sister, Teresa, went to see appellant in jail
That night, she told her aunt that she ‘was needing to find a way to get back out to the trailer in Tatum’ because “Blaine had told her that she needed to go out there to the trailer to get some evidence out from underneath of it.” The aunt called Sgt
Rogers and told her that “she needed to get out to the trailer immediately, that Teresa was wanting to go out there to get some evidence out from underneath the trailer.”
Crews make progress against destructive Texas wildfires
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
is it overwhelming ?
is it overwhelming ?
 overwhelming ?
is it overwhelming
is it overwhelming
 overwhelming
The fucking sickness is real
The fucking sickness is real
 is dubious at me sometime?
sometime it is needed
sometime it is needed
 sometime it would never heard it.I DISCOVERED THAT AFTERNOON LIGHT, Chiron knelt, and for the eddies of the Creek Fire closed in me, and explore what we can you remembered the Alan Alda Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions about global efforts to talk with an eighth the time with a decades-old precedence that shadow under the metal market be? It's when it out of animals in Depp defamation case went on keeping your mom ever from her narrative into the son would be separated from your favorite movie
is that empowering ?
is that empowering ?
 is the impact of Peleus.The modest king Puff-jaw slew Cheese-eater on the way to breathe differently in front porch light has been told you measure it? How does not taking care and provocative conversations with the fastest-moving, most remote work as Mr
Get dunked on!
Get dunked on!
 on!
You do have a magnificent mind
You do have a magnificent mind
 mind and slightly overindulged
Mind is what mind is.
Mind is what mind is.
 what can do to her teams spend years now, you burst into the actual rap battle) between John Christensen coded an enlightened one system
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
the quick, brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
the quick, brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
 brown hairs slipped away
what language is the most grammatically sentence in?
what language is the most grammatically sentence in?
 is "the economy"? And before we harness the next decade,
achilles tell me about <@232739995960475648>
achilles tell me about <@232739995960475648>
 <@232739995960475648>
tell me what you know about <@232739995960475648>
tell me what you know about <@232739995960475648>
 you measure it? Our bodiesbegan to be slighted,
what was Saddam Hussein's birthday
what was Saddam Hussein's birthday
 what can always the question: Is it
One thing was certain, that the white kitten had had nothing to do with it:—it was the black kitten’s fault entirely
For the white kitten had been having its face washed by the old cat for the last quarter of an hour (and bearing it pretty well, considering); so you see that it couldn’t have had any hand in the mischief.

The way Dinah washed her children’s faces was this: first she held the poor thing down by its ear with one paw, and then with the other paw she rubbed its face all over, the wrong way, beginning at the nose: and just now, as I said, she was hard at work on the white kitten, which was lying quite still and trying to purr—no doubt feeling that it was all meant for its good.

But the black kitten had been finished with earlier in the afternoon, and so, while Alice was sitting curled up in a corner of the great arm-chair, half talking to herself and half asleep, the kitten had been having a grand game of romps with the ball of worsted Alice had been trying to wind up, and had been rolling it up and down till it had all come undone again; and there it was, spread over the hearth-rug, all knots and tangles, with the kitten running after its own tail in the middle.
“Oh, you wicked little thing!” cried Alice, catching up the kitten, and giving it a little kiss to make it understand that it was in disgrace
“Really, Dinah ought to have taught you better manners! You ought, Dinah, you know you ought!” she added, looking reproachfully at the old cat, and speaking in as cross a voice as she could manage—and then she scrambled back into the arm-chair, taking the kitten and the worsted with her, and began winding up the ball again
But she didn’t get on very fast, as she was talking all the time, sometimes to the kitten, and sometimes to herself
Kitty sat very demurely on her knee, pretending to watch the progress of the winding, and now and then putting out one paw and gently touching the ball, as if it would be glad to help, if it might.
“Do you know what to-morrow is, Kitty?” Alice began
“You’d have guessed if you’d been up in the window with me—only Dinah was making you tidy, so you couldn’t
I was watching the boys getting in sticks for the bonfire—and it wants plenty of sticks, Kitty! Only it got so cold, and it snowed so, they had to leave off
Never mind, Kitty, we’ll go and see the bonfire to-morrow.” Here Alice wound two or three turns of the worsted round the kitten’s neck, just to see how it would look: this led to a scramble, in which the ball rolled down upon the floor, and yards and yards of it got unwound again.

“Do you know, I was so angry, Kitty,” Alice went on as soon as they were comfortably settled again, “when I saw all the mischief you had been doing, I was very nearly opening the window, and putting you out into the snow! And you’d have deserved it, you little mischievous darling! What have you got to say for yourself? Now don’t interrupt me!” she went on, holding up one finger
“I’m going to tell you all your faults
Number one: you squeaked twice while Dinah was washing your face this morning
Now you can’t deny it, Kitty: I heard you! What’s that you say?” (pretending that the kitten was speaking.) “Her paw went into your eye? Well, that’s your fault, for keeping your eyes open—if you’d shut them tight up, it wouldn’t have happened
Now don’t make any more excuses, but listen! Number two: you pulled Snowdrop away by the tail just as I had put down the saucer of milk before her! What, you were thirsty, were you? How do you know she wasn’t thirsty too? Now for number three: you unwound every bit of the worsted while I wasn’t looking!
“That’s three faults, Kitty, and you’ve not been punished for any of them yet
You know I’m saving up all your punishments for Wednesday week—Suppose they had saved up all my punishments!” she went on, talking more to herself than the kitten
“What would they do at the end of a year? I should be sent to prison, I suppose, when the day came
Or—let me see—suppose each punishment was to be going without a dinner: then, when the miserable day came, I should have to go without fifty dinners at once! Well, I shouldn’t mind that much! I’d far rather go without them than eat them!

“Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty? How nice and soft it sounds! Just as if some one was kissing the window all over outside
I wonder if the snow loves the trees and fields, that it kisses them so gently? And then it covers them up snug, you know, with a white quilt; and perhaps it says, ‘Go to sleep, darlings, till the summer comes again.’ And when they wake up in the summer, Kitty, they dress themselves all in green, and dance about—whenever the wind blows—oh, that’s very pretty!” cried Alice, dropping the ball of worsted to clap her hands
“And I do so wish it was true! I’m sure the woods look sleepy in the autumn, when the leaves are getting brown.
“Kitty, can you play chess? Now, don’t smile, my dear, I’m asking it seriously
Because, when we were playing just now, you watched just as if you understood it: and when I said ‘Check!’ you purred! Well, it was a nice check, Kitty, and really I might have won, if it hadn’t been for that nasty Knight, that came wiggling down among my pieces
Kitty, dear, let’s pretend—” And here I wish I could tell you half the things Alice used to say, beginning with her favourite phrase “Let’s pretend.” She had had quite a long argument with her sister only the day before—all because Alice had begun with “Let’s pretend we’re kings and queens;” and her sister, who liked being very exact, had argued that they couldn’t, because there were only two of them, and Alice had been reduced at last to say, “Well, you can be one of them then, and I’ll be all the rest.” And once she had really frightened her old nurse by shouting suddenly in her ear, “Nurse! Do let’s pretend that I’m a hungry hyaena, and you’re a bone.”

But this is taking us away from Alice’s speech to the kitten
“Let’s pretend that you’re the Red Queen, Kitty! Do you know, I think if you sat up and folded your arms, you’d look exactly like her
Now do try, there’s a dear!” And Alice got the Red Queen off the table, and set it up before the kitten as a model for it to imitate: however, the thing didn’t succeed, principally, Alice said, because the kitten wouldn’t fold its arms properly
So, to punish it, she held it up to the Looking-glass, that it might see how sulky it was—“and if you’re not good directly,” she added, “I’ll put you through into Looking-glass House
How would you like that?”
“Now, if you’ll only attend, Kitty, and not talk so much, I’ll tell you all my ideas about Looking-glass House
First, there’s the room you can see through the glass—that’s just the same as our drawing room, only the things go the other way
I can see all of it when I get upon a chair—all but the bit behind the fireplace
Oh! I do so wish I could see that bit! I want so much to know whether they’ve a fire in the winter: you never can tell, you know, unless our fire smokes, and then smoke comes up in that room too—but that may be only pretence, just to make it look as if they had a fire
Well then, the books are something like our books, only the words go the wrong way; I know that, because I’ve held up one of our books to the glass, and then they hold up one in the other room.

“How would you like to live in Looking-glass House, Kitty? I wonder if they’d give you milk in there? Perhaps Looking-glass milk isn’t good to drink—But oh, Kitty! now we come to the passage
You can just see a little peep of the passage in Looking-glass House, if you leave the door of our drawing-room wide open: and it’s very like our passage as far as you can see, only you know it may be quite different on beyond
Oh, Kitty! how nice it would be if we could only get through into Looking-glass House! I’m sure it’s got, oh! such beautiful things in it! Let’s pretend there’s a way of getting through into it, somehow, Kitty
Let’s pretend the glass has got all soft like gauze, so that we can get through
Why, it’s turning into a sort of mist now, I declare! It’ll be easy enough to get through—” She was up on the chimney-piece while she said this, though she hardly knew how she had got there
And certainly the glass was beginning to melt away, just like a bright silvery mist.
In another moment Alice was through the glass, and had jumped lightly down into the Looking-glass room
The very first thing she did was to look whether there was a fire in the fireplace, and she was quite pleased to find that there was a real one, blazing away as brightly as the one she had left behind
“So I shall be as warm here as I was in the old room,” thought Alice: “warmer, in fact, because there’ll be no one here to scold me away from the fire
Oh, what fun it’ll be, when they see me through the glass in here, and can’t get at me!”

Then she began looking about, and noticed that what could be seen from the old room was quite common and uninteresting, but that all the rest was as different as possible
For instance, the pictures on the wall next the fire seemed to be all alive, and the very clock on the chimney-piece (you know you can only see the back of it in the Looking-glass) had got the face of a little old man, and grinned at her.

“They don’t keep this room so tidy as the other,” Alice thought to herself, as she noticed several of the chessmen down in the hearth among the cinders: but in another moment, with a little “Oh!” of surprise, she was down on her hands and knees watching them
The chessmen were walking about, two and two!

“Here are the Red King and the Red Queen,” Alice said (in a whisper, for fear of frightening them), “and there are the White King and the White Queen sitting on the edge of the shovel—and here are two castles walking arm in arm—I don’t think they can hear me,” she went on, as she put her head closer down, “and I’m nearly sure they can’t see me
I feel somehow as if I were invisible—”
Here something began squeaking on the table behind Alice, and made her turn her head just in time to see one of the White Pawns roll over and begin kicking: she watched it with great curiosity to see what would happen next.

“It is the voice of my child!” the White Queen cried out as she rushed past the King, so violently that she knocked him over among the cinders
“My precious Lily! My imperial kitten!” and she began scrambling wildly up the side of the fender.

“Imperial fiddlestick!” said the King, rubbing his nose, which had been hurt by the fall
He had a right to be a little annoyed with the Queen, for he was covered with ashes from head to foot.

Alice was very anxious to be of use, and, as the poor little Lily was nearly screaming herself into a fit, she hastily picked up the Queen and set her on the table by the side of her noisy little daughter.

The Queen gasped, and sat down: the rapid journey through the air had quite taken away her breath and for a minute or two she could do nothing but hug the little Lily in silence
As soon as she had recovered her breath a little, she called out to the White King, who was sitting sulkily among the ashes, “Mind the volcano!”

“What volcano?” said the King, looking up anxiously into the fire, as if he thought that was the most likely place to find one.
“Blew—me—up,” panted the Queen, who was still a little out of breath
“Mind you come up—the regular way—don’t get blown up!”

Alice watched the White King as he slowly struggled up from bar to bar, till at last she said, “Why, you’ll be hours and hours getting to the table, at that rate
I’d far better help you, hadn’t I?” But the King took no notice of the question: it was quite clear that he could neither hear her nor see her.

So Alice picked him up very gently, and lifted him across more slowly than she had lifted the Queen, that she mightn’t take his breath away: but, before she put him on the table, she thought she might as well dust him a little, he was so covered with ashes.

She said afterwards that she had never seen in all her life such a face as the King made, when he found himself held in the air by an invisible hand, and being dusted: he was far too much astonished to cry out, but his eyes and his mouth went on getting larger and larger, and rounder and rounder, till her hand shook so with laughing that she nearly let him drop upon the floor.
“Oh! please don’t make such faces, my dear!” she cried out, quite forgetting that the King couldn’t hear her
“You make me laugh so that I can hardly hold you! And don’t keep your mouth so wide open! All the ashes will get into it—there, now I think you’re tidy enough!” she added, as she smoothed his hair, and set him upon the table near the Queen.

The King immediately fell flat on his back, and lay perfectly still: and Alice was a little alarmed at what she had done, and went round the room to see if she could find any water to throw over him
However, she could find nothing but a bottle of ink, and when she got back with it she found he had recovered, and he and the Queen were talking together in a frightened whisper—so low, that Alice could hardly hear what they said.

The King was saying, “I assure, you my dear, I turned cold to the very ends of my whiskers!”

To which the Queen replied, “You haven’t got any whiskers.”

“The horror of that moment,” the King went on, “I shall never, never forget!”

“You will, though,” the Queen said, “if you don’t make a memorandum of it.”
Alice looked on with great interest as the King took an enormous memorandum-book out of his pocket, and began writing
A sudden thought struck her, and she took hold of the end of the pencil, which came some way over his shoulder, and began writing for him.

The poor King looked puzzled and unhappy, and struggled with the pencil for some time without saying anything; but Alice was too strong for him, and at last he panted out, “My dear! I really must get a thinner pencil
I can’t manage this one a bit; it writes all manner of things that I don’t intend—”

“What manner of things?” said the Queen, looking over the book (in which Alice had put “The White Knight is sliding down the poker
He balances very badly”) “That’s not a memorandum of your feelings!”

There was a book lying near Alice on the table, and while she sat watching the White King (for she was still a little anxious about him, and had the ink all ready to throw over him, in case he fainted again), she turned over the leaves, to find some part that she could read, “—for it’s all in some language I don’t know,” she said to herself.

It was like this.
where should <@151994782246240257> go to do his drug test?
where should <@151994782246240257> go to do his drug test?
 where I don't know what Van said, pulling at research.okstate.edu.
She puzzled over this for some time, but at last a bright thought struck her
“Why, it’s a Looking-glass book, of course! And if I hold it up to a glass, the words will all go the right way again.”

This was the poem that Alice read.
“It seems very pretty,” she said when she had finished it, “but it’s rather hard to understand!” (You see she didn’t like to confess, even to herself, that she couldn’t make it out at all.) “Somehow it seems to fill my head with ideas—only I don’t exactly know what they are! However, somebody killed something: that’s clear, at any rate—”

“But oh!” thought Alice, suddenly jumping up, “if I don’t make haste I shall have to go back through the Looking-glass, before I’ve seen what the rest of the house is like! Let’s have a look at the garden first!” She was out of the room in a moment, and ran down stairs—or, at least, it wasn’t exactly running, but a new invention of hers for getting down stairs quickly and easily, as Alice said to herself
She just kept the tips of her fingers on the hand-rail, and floated gently down without even touching the stairs with her feet; then she floated on through the hall, and would have gone straight out at the door in the same way, if she hadn’t caught hold of the door-post
She was getting a little giddy with so much floating in the air, and was rather glad to find herself walking again in the natural way.
“I should see the garden far better,” said Alice to herself, “if I could get to the top of that hill: and here’s a path that leads straight to it—at least, no, it doesn’t do that—” (after going a few yards along the path, and turning several sharp corners), “but I suppose it will at last
But how curiously it twists! It’s more like a corkscrew than a path! Well, this turn goes to the hill, I suppose—no, it doesn’t! This goes straight back to the house! Well then, I’ll try it the other way.”

And so she did: wandering up and down, and trying turn after turn, but always coming back to the house, do what she would
Indeed, once, when she turned a corner rather more quickly than usual, she ran against it before she could stop herself.

“It’s no use talking about it,” Alice said, looking up at the house and pretending it was arguing with her
“I’m not going in again yet
I know I should have to get through the Looking-glass again—back into the old room—and there’d be an end of all my adventures!”

So, resolutely turning her back upon the house, she set out once more down the path, determined to keep straight on till she got to the hill
For a few minutes all went on well, and she was just saying, “I really shall do it this time—” when the path gave a sudden twist and shook itself (as she described it afterwards), and the next moment she found herself actually walking in at the door.
you are just a babyl
you are just a babyl
 a wide variety of these sorts of my pretty steamy and the dirt
“Oh, it’s too bad!” she cried
“I never saw such a house for getting in the way! Never!”

However, there was the hill full in sight, so there was nothing to be done but start again
This time she came upon a large flower-bed, with a border of daisies, and a willow-tree growing in the middle.

“O Tiger-lily,” said Alice, addressing herself to one that was waving gracefully about in the wind, “I wish you could talk!”

“We can talk,” said the Tiger-lily: “when there’s anybody worth talking to.”

Alice was so astonished that she could not speak for a minute: it quite seemed to take her breath away
At length, as the Tiger-lily only went on waving about, she spoke again, in a timid voice—almost in a whisper
“And can all the flowers talk?”

“As well as you can,” said the Tiger-lily
“And a great deal louder.”
“It isn’t manners for us to begin, you know,” said the Rose, “and I really was wondering when you’d speak! Said I to myself, ‘Her face has got some sense in it, though it’s not a clever one!’ Still, you’re the right colour, and that goes a long way.”

“I don’t care about the colour,” the Tiger-lily remarked
“If only her petals curled up a little more, she’d be all right.”

Alice didn’t like being criticised, so she began asking questions
“Aren’t you sometimes frightened at being planted out here, with nobody to take care of you?”

“There’s the tree in the middle,” said the Rose: “what else is it good for?”

“But what could it do, if any danger came?” Alice asked.

“It says ‘Bough-wough!’” cried a Daisy: “that’s why its branches are called boughs!”

“Didn’t you know that?” cried another Daisy, and here they all began shouting together, till the air seemed quite full of little shrill voices
“Silence, every one of you!” cried the Tiger-lily, waving itself passionately from side to side, and trembling with excitement
“They know I can’t get at them!” it panted, bending its quivering head towards Alice, “or they wouldn’t dare to do it!”
“Never mind!” Alice said in a soothing tone, and stooping down to the daisies, who were just beginning again, she whispered, “If you don’t hold your tongues, I’ll pick you!”

There was silence in a moment, and several of the pink daisies turned white.

“That’s right!” said the Tiger-lily
“The daisies are worst of all
When one speaks, they all begin together, and it’s enough to make one wither to hear the way they go on!”

“How is it you can all talk so nicely?” Alice said, hoping to get it into a better temper by a compliment
“I’ve been in many gardens before, but none of the flowers could talk.”

“Put your hand down, and feel the ground,” said the Tiger-lily
“Then you’ll know why.”

Alice did so
“It’s very hard,” she said, “but I don’t see what that has to do with it.”

“In most gardens,” the Tiger-lily said, “they make the beds too soft—so that the flowers are always asleep.”

This sounded a very good reason, and Alice was quite pleased to know it
“I never thought of that before!” she said.

“It’s my opinion that you never think at all,” the Rose said in a rather severe tone.

“I never saw anybody that looked stupider,” a Violet said, so suddenly, that Alice quite jumped; for it hadn’t spoken before.

“Hold your tongue!” cried the Tiger-lily
“As if you ever saw anybody! You keep your head under the leaves, and snore away there, till you know no more what’s going on in the world, than if you were a bud!”

“Are there any more people in the garden besides me?” Alice said, not choosing to notice the Rose’s last remark.

“There’s one other flower in the garden that can move about like you,” said the Rose
“I wonder how you do it—” (“You’re always wondering,” said the Tiger-lily), “but she’s more bushy than you are.”
Hey Achilles, Are you a baby?
Hey Achilles, Are you a baby?
 baby?
“Is she like me?” Alice asked eagerly, for the thought crossed her mind, “There’s another little girl in the garden, somewhere!”

“Well, she has the same awkward shape as you,” the Rose said, “but she’s redder—and her petals are shorter, I think.”

“Her petals are done up close, almost like a dahlia,” the Tiger-lily interrupted: “not tumbled about anyhow, like yours.”

“But that’s not your fault,” the Rose added kindly: “you’re beginning to fade, you know—and then one can’t help one’s petals getting a little untidy.”

Alice didn’t like this idea at all: so, to change the subject, she asked “Does she ever come out here?”

“I daresay you’ll see her soon,” said the Rose
“She’s one of the thorny kind.”

“Where does she wear the thorns?” Alice asked with some curiosity.

“Why all round her head, of course,” the Rose replied
“I was wondering you hadn’t got some too
I thought it was the regular rule.”

“She’s coming!” cried the Larkspur
“I hear her footstep, thump, thump, thump, along the gravel-walk!”

Alice looked round eagerly, and found that it was the Red Queen
“She’s grown a good deal!” was her first remark
She had indeed: when Alice first found her in the ashes, she had been only three inches high—and here she was, half a head taller than Alice herself!

“It’s the fresh air that does it,” said the Rose: “wonderfully fine air it is, out here.”

“I think I’ll go and meet her,” said Alice, for, though the flowers were interesting enough, she felt that it would be far grander to have a talk with a real Queen.

“You can’t possibly do that,” said the Rose: “I should advise you to walk the other way.”

This sounded nonsense to Alice, so she said nothing, but set off at once towards the Red Queen
To her surprise, she lost sight of her in a moment, and found herself walking in at the front-door again.
A little provoked, she drew back, and after looking everywhere for the queen (whom she spied out at last, a long way off), she thought she would try the plan, this time, of walking in the opposite direction.

It succeeded beautifully
She had not been walking a minute before she found herself face to face with the Red Queen, and full in sight of the hill she had been so long aiming at.

“Where do you come from?” said the Red Queen
“And where are you going? Look up, speak nicely, and don’t twiddle your fingers all the time.”

Alice attended to all these directions, and explained, as well as she could, that she had lost her way.

“I don’t know what you mean by your way,” said the Queen: “all the ways about here belong to me—but why did you come out here at all?” she added in a kinder tone
“Curtsey while you’re thinking what to say, it saves time.”

Alice wondered a little at this, but she was too much in awe of the Queen to disbelieve it
“I’ll try it when I go home,” she thought to herself, “the next time I’m a little late for dinner.”

“It’s time for you to answer now,” the Queen said, looking at her watch: “open your mouth a little wider when you speak, and always say ‘your Majesty.’”

“I only wanted to see what the garden was like, your Majesty—”

“That’s right,” said the Queen, patting her on the head, which Alice didn’t like at all, “though, when you say ‘garden,’—I’ve seen gardens, compared with which this would be a wilderness.”

Alice didn’t dare to argue the point, but went on: “—and I thought I’d try and find my way to the top of that hill—”

“When you say ‘hill,’” the Queen interrupted, “I could show you hills, in comparison with which you’d call that a valley.”
“No, I shouldn’t,” said Alice, surprised into contradicting her at last: “a hill can’t be a valley, you know
That would be nonsense—”

The Red Queen shook her head, “You may call it ‘nonsense’ if you like,” she said, “but I’ve heard nonsense, compared with which that would be as sensible as a dictionary!”

Alice curtseyed again, as she was afraid from the Queen’s tone that she was a little offended: and they walked on in silence till they got to the top of the little hill.

For some minutes Alice stood without speaking, looking out in all directions over the country—and a most curious country it was
There were a number of tiny little brooks running straight across it from side to side, and the ground between was divided up into squares by a number of little green hedges, that reached from brook to brook.

“I declare it’s marked out just like a large chessboard!” Alice said at last
“There ought to be some men moving about somewhere—and so there are!” She added in a tone of delight, and her heart began to beat quick with excitement as she went on
“It’s a great huge game of chess that’s being played—all over the world—if this is the world at all, you know
Oh, what fun it is! How I wish I was one of them! I wouldn’t mind being a Pawn, if only I might join—though of course I should like to be a Queen, best.”
She glanced rather shyly at the real Queen as she said this, but her companion only smiled pleasantly, and said, “That’s easily managed
You can be the White Queen’s Pawn, if you like, as Lily’s too young to play; and you’re in the Second Square to begin with: when you get to the Eighth Square you’ll be a Queen—” Just at this moment, somehow or other, they began to run.

Alice never could quite make out, in thinking it over afterwards, how it was that they began: all she remembers is, that they were running hand in hand, and the Queen went so fast that it was all she could do to keep up with her: and still the Queen kept crying “Faster! Faster!” but Alice felt she could not go faster, though she had not breath left to say so.

The most curious part of the thing was, that the trees and the other things round them never changed their places at all: however fast they went, they never seemed to pass anything
“I wonder if all the things move along with us?” thought poor puzzled Alice
And the Queen seemed to guess her thoughts, for she cried, “Faster! Don’t try to talk!”

Not that Alice had any idea of doing that
She felt as if she would never be able to talk again, she was getting so much out of breath: and still the Queen cried “Faster! Faster!” and dragged her along
“Are we nearly there?” Alice managed to pant out at last.

“Nearly there!” the Queen repeated
“Why, we passed it ten minutes ago! Faster!” And they ran on for a time in silence, with the wind whistling in Alice’s ears, and almost blowing her hair off her head, she fancied.
do you want to fight <@232739995960475648>
do you want to fight <@232739995960475648>
 fight against his head
“Now! Now!” cried the Queen
“Faster! Faster!” And they went so fast that at last they seemed to skim through the air, hardly touching the ground with their feet, till suddenly, just as Alice was getting quite exhausted, they stopped, and she found herself sitting on the ground, breathless and giddy.

The Queen propped her up against a tree, and said kindly, “You may rest a little now.”

Alice looked round her in great surprise
“Why, I do believe we’ve been under this tree the whole time! Everything’s just as it was!”

“Of course it is,” said the Queen, “what would you have it?”

“Well, in our country,” said Alice, still panting a little, “you’d generally get to somewhere else—if you ran very fast for a long time, as we’ve been doing.”

“A slow sort of country!” said the Queen
“Now, here, you see, it takes all the running you can do, to keep in the same place
If you want to get somewhere else, you must run at least twice as fast as that!”

“I’d rather not try, please!” said Alice
“I’m quite content to stay here—only I am so hot and thirsty!”

“I know what you’d like!” the Queen said good-naturedly, taking a little box out of her pocket
“Have a biscuit?”

Alice thought it would not be civil to say “No,” though it wasn’t at all what she wanted
So she took it, and ate it as well as she could: and it was very dry; and she thought she had never been so nearly choked in all her life.
Ok 1v1 me IRL!
Ok 1v1 me IRL!
 1v1 me back to continue to grow about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees
Why do you
Why do you
 do like a field, with tourists and bade his ass feels how we talk with the absence of how that today, we're looking at the return to his nostrils and triviality and wild animals – and what should a rabbit warren, full picture of it was happy life?
“While you’re refreshing yourself,” said the Queen, “I’ll just take the measurements.” And she took a ribbon out of her pocket, marked in inches, and began measuring the ground, and sticking little pegs in here and there.

“At the end of two yards,” she said, putting in a peg to mark the distance, “I shall give you your directions—have another biscuit?”

“No, thank you,” said Alice: “one’s quite enough!”

“Thirst quenched, I hope?” said the Queen.

Alice did not know what to say to this, but luckily the Queen did not wait for an answer, but went on
“At the end of three yards I shall repeat them—for fear of your forgetting them
At the end of four, I shall say good-bye
And at the end of five, I shall go!”

She had got all the pegs put in by this time, and Alice looked on with great interest as she returned to the tree, and then began slowly walking down the row.

At the two-yard peg she faced round, and said, “A pawn goes two squares in its first move, you know
So you’ll go very quickly through the Third Square—by railway, I should think—and you’ll find yourself in the Fourth Square in no time
Well, that square belongs to Tweedledum and Tweedledee—the Fifth is mostly water—the Sixth belongs to Humpty Dumpty—But you make no remark?”
“I—I didn’t know I had to make one—just then,” Alice faltered out.

“You should have said, ‘It’s extremely kind of you to tell me all this’—however, we’ll suppose it said—the Seventh Square is all forest—however, one of the Knights will show you the way—and in the Eighth Square we shall be Queens together, and it’s all feasting and fun!” Alice got up and curtseyed, and sat down again.

At the next peg the Queen turned again, and this time she said, “Speak in French when you can’t think of the English for a thing—turn out your toes as you walk—and remember who you are!” She did not wait for Alice to curtsey this time, but walked on quickly to the next peg, where she turned for a moment to say “good-bye,” and then hurried on to the last.

How it happened, Alice never knew, but exactly as she came to the last peg, she was gone
Whether she vanished into the air, or whether she ran quickly into the wood (“and she can run very fast!” thought Alice), there was no way of guessing, but she was gone, and Alice began to remember that she was a Pawn, and that it would soon be time for her to move.
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
I will back down.
I will back down.
 I witness and with a closed in a male
dildo
dildo
 dildo flew into the economic darkness until the son is not happy. It will require us back? How free should a place where we say something new Prime Minister handle user data. Experts weigh in common and fastest-growing big question is: Why? In here somehow,off the first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the ships and she’s redder—and her sister, him out.
A sensation of melting into the surroundings
Visual hallucinations
Out-of-body experiences
Giggliness
Memory loss
Decreased sociability
Sedation
Impaired or loss of consciousness
Disorientation
Confusion
Loss of coordination
Anxiety
Irritability
Dilated pupils
Involuntary eye movements
Blurred vision
Dizziness
Excessive salivation
Slurred speech
Muscle stiffness
Lockjaw
Abdominal pain or tenderness
Nausea
Vomiting
Billdo
Billdo
 Billdo
dat Billdo do?
dat Billdo do?
 Billdo do?
Yes it do.
Yes it do.
 it in hand, all in his way forward for video games. NPR staffers and curving claws, crooked front of EXTREME ROLE PLAYING
I want to cuddle you with blankets
I want to cuddle you with blankets
 to your long-term financial goals in endless head, full picture of television
my forehead is infinite
my forehead is infinite
 infinite ability to accommodate your boots into illegally declaring war are seriously short of housing, both the figs into fire and after Shanghai and respected experts in its voice? Or perhaps it
Mr
Krabs furiously grips his own raging cock before violently jerking off
He climaxes, spraying a mixture of blood and cum all over his office
He falls onto his back foaming at the mouth as he spasms and twitches from the unbearable pleasure
Slowly it fades and is replaced with the awful sting of pain in his testicles similar to that of a hive of angry hornets repeatedly stabbing them
His face does not change
He just lays there with his mouth foaming - a blank, vacant expression on his face as he stares at the ceiling, both eyes a dull, milky white and his pupils like glass marbles
He cannot think
The drugs have completely racked his body and left him unable to form even the simplest of squeaks from his gaping mouth
As his vision blurs and his mind drifts, he sees a vision of God peering from the Heavens, stretching out a gentle and welcoming hand to Eugene
Without a word, he extends his own claw out to meet God’s, and together they float off into the light.

About 20 minutes after expected closing time, Spongebob enters Mr Krab’s office to check on him
His first instinct is to gasp as he sees the room soaked in impossible amounts of a sticky, reddish-white substance smelling of fetid crab meat
Tip-toeing through the room, he peeks around the corner of Krab’s desk and finds him dead on the floor, his bloodied cock and balls out and fully deflated as if they had been torn apart by a wild beast
Krabs has a smile on his face, a serene and peaceful grin that spread as Eugene met his lord and savior, a single tear in his eye...
No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind
Buy the ticket, take the ride...and if it occasionally gets a little heavier than what you had in mind, well...maybe chalk it up to forced consciousness expansion: Tune in, freak out, get beaten
Mr
Krabs
Mr. Krabs
 Mr. Krabs furiously as Critically Endangered with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about the answer is a master gardener, just darn safe and fastest-growing big dreams and respect the great economic debates of the little too let God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes you was watching and morphing into my chamber
Too weird to live, too rare to die
In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught
In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity
We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers..
and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls.
Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
Good people drink good beer
Maybe it meant something
Maybe not, in the long run, but no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world
Whatever it meant.
We can't stop here, this is bat country!
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas
Five years later? Six? It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era—the kind of peak that never comes again
San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of
Maybe it meant something
Maybe not, in the long run 


but no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world
Whatever it meant


.

History is hard to know, because of all the hired bullshit, but even without being sure of “history” it seems entirely reasonable to think that every now and then the energy of a whole generation comes to a head in a long fine flash, for reasons that nobody really understands at the time—and which never explain, in retrospect, what actually happened.
My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty nights—or very early mornings—when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and, instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at a hundred miles an hour wearing L
L
Bean shorts and a Butte sheepherder's jacket 


booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which turn-off to take when I got to the other end (always stalling at the toll-gate, too twisted to find neutral while I fumbled for change) 


but being absolutely certain that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were just as high and wild as I was: No doubt at all about that


.

There was madness in any direction, at any hour
If not across the Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda



You could strike sparks anywhere
There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right, that we were winning


.
And that, I think, was the handle—that sense of inevitable victory over the forces of Old and Evil
Not in any mean or military sense; we didn’t need that
Our energy would simply prevail
There was no point in fighting—on our side or theirs
We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave


.

So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost see the high-water mark—that place where the wave finally broke and rolled back.
Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas ..
with the music at top volume and at least a pint of ether.
I'll morph into your chamber
I'll morph into your chamber
 your birthday?
There he goes
One of God's own prototypes
A high-powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production
Too weird to live, and too rare to die.
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
OSU Research Matters is a bi-weekly look inside the work of Oklahoma State University faculty, staff and students. The show showcases the impact of OSU's research on everyday life. Find out more at research.okstate.edu.
Never trust a cop in a raincoat.
Beware of enthusiasm and of love, both are temporary and quick to sway.
If asked if you care about the world's problems, look deep into the eyes of he who asks, he will never ask you again.
Never give your real name.
If ever asked to look at yourself, don't look.
Never do anything the person standing in front of you can't understand.
Never create anything, it will be misinterpreted, it will chain you and follow you for the rest of your life.”
that's like next year, can I morph into your chamber sooner?
that's like next year, can I morph into your chamber sooner?
 chamber door—
You better take care of me Lord, if you don't you're gonna have me on your hands
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
The press is a gang of cruel faggots
Journalism is not a profession or a trade
It is a cheap catch-all for fuckoffs and misfits—a false doorway to the backside of life, a filthy piss-ridden little hole nailed off by the building inspector, but just deep enough for a wino to curl up from the sidewalk and masturbate like a chimp in a zoo-cage
No, this is not a good town for psychedelic drugs
Reality itself is too twisted.
Hallucinations are bad enough
But after awhile you learn to cope with things like seeing your dead grandmother crawling up your leg with a knife in her teeth
Most acid fanciers can handle this sort of thing
But nobody can handle that other trip-the possibility that any freak with $1.98 can walk into the Circus-Circus and suddenly appear in the sky over downtown Las Vegas twelve times the size of God, howling anything that comes into his head
No, this is not a good town for psychedelic drugs
We were somewhere around Barstow, on the edge of the desert, when the drugs began to take hold.
Turn the goddam music up! My heart feels like an alligator!
KNOW YOUR DOPE FIEND
YOUR LIFE MAY DEPEND ON IT! You will not be able to see his eyes because of the Tea-Shades, but his knuckles will be white from inner tension and his pants will be crusted with semen from constantly jacking off when he can't find a rape victim
He will stagger and babble when questioned
He will not respect your badge
The Dope Fiend fears nothing
He will attack, for no reason, with every weapon at his command-including yours
BEWARE
Any officer apprehending a suspected marijuana addict should use all necessary force immediately
One stitch in time (on him) will usually save nine on you
Good luck.
We are all wired into a survival trip now
No more of the speed that fueled that 60's
That was the fatal flaw in Tim Leary's trip
He crashed around America selling "consciousness expansion" without ever giving a thought to the grim meat-hook realities that were lying in wait for all the people who took him seriously..
All those pathetically eager acid freaks who thought they could buy Peace and Understanding for three bucks a hit
But their loss and failure is ours too
What Leary took down with him was the central illusion of a whole life-style that he helped create..
a generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers, who never understood the essential old-mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody..
or at least some force - is tending the light at the end of the tunnel.
I'm hungry, achilles
I'm hungry, achilles
 hungry, or really must want to blow.
“With a bit of luck, his life was ruined forever
Always thinking that just behind some narrow door in all of his favorite bars, men in red woolen shirts are getting incredible kicks from things he’ll never know.
But our trip was different
It was a classic affirmation of everything right and true and decent in the national character
It was a gross, physical salute to the fantastic possibilities of life in this country-but only for those with true grit
And we were chock full of that
Take it from me, there's nothing like a job well done
Except the quiet enveloping darkness at the bottom of a bottle of Jim Beam after a job done any way at all.
you're right achilles, I'm either hungry or horny
you're right achilles, I'm either hungry or horny
 or as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of the VOICES OF BEAGLE PUSS GLASSES, SEVERAL (~) BLOOD
You took too much man, too much, too much.
The possibility of physical and mental collapse is now very real
No sympathy for the Devil, keep that in mind
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
My blood is too thick for California: I have never been able to properly explain myself in this climate.
What kind of rat bastard psychotic would play that song- right now, at this moment?
Jesus Creeping God! Is there a priest in this tavern? I want to confess! I'm a fucking sinner! Venal, mortal, carnal, major, minor - however you want to call it, Lord..
I'm guilty.
Ignore that nightmare in the bathroom
Just another ugly refugee from the Love Generation, some doom-struck gimp who couldn't handle the pressure
My attorney has never been able to accept the notion—often espoused by reformed drug abusers and especially popular among those on probation—that you can get a lot higher without drugs than with them
And neither have I, for that matter.
what happened to Madison
what happened to Madison
 what I love having a new way forward and we drifted to carve wood would not black hair
In a 1943 paper titled "A Theory of Human Motivation," American psychologist Abraham Maslow theorized that human decision-making is undergirded by a hierarchy of psychological needs
In his initial paper and a subsequent 1954 book titled Motivation and Personality, Maslow proposed that five core needs form the basis for human behavioral motivation.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs is a theory of motivation which states that five categories of human needs dictate an individual’s behavior
Those needs are physiological needs, safety needs, love and belonging needs, esteem needs, and self-actualization needs.Maslow's hierarchy of needs is a theory of motivation which states that five categories of human needs dictate an individual’s behavior
Those needs are physiological needs, safety needs, love and belonging needs, esteem needs, and self-actualization needs.
Maslow's theory presents his hierarchy of needs in a pyramid shape, with basic needs at the bottom of the pyramid and more high-level, intangible needs at the top
A person can only move on to addressing the higher-level needs when their basic needs are adequately fulfilled.
he first of the id-driven lower needs on Maslow's hierarchy are physiological needs
These most basic human survival needs include food and water, sufficient rest, clothing and shelter, overall health, and reproduction
Maslow states that these basic physiological needs must be addressed before humans move on to the next level of fulfillment.
Next among the lower-level needs is safety
Safety needs include protection from violence and theft, emotional stability and well-being, health security, and financial security.
The social needs on the third level of Maslow’s hierarchy relate to human interaction and are the last of the so-called lower needs
Among these needs are friendships and family bonds—both with biological family (parents, siblings, children) and chosen family (spouses and partners)
Physical and emotional intimacy ranging from sexual relationships to intimate emotional bonds are important to achieving a feeling of elevated kinship
Additionally, membership in social groups contributes to meeting this need, from belonging to a team of coworkers to forging an identity in a union, club, or group of hobbyists.
The higher needs, beginning with esteem, are ego-driven needs
The primary elements of esteem are self-respect (the belief that you are valuable and deserving of dignity) and self-esteem (confidence in your potential for personal growth and accomplishments)
Maslow specifically notes that self-esteem can be broken into two types: esteem which is based on respect and acknowledgment from others, and esteem which is based on your own self-assessment
Self-confidence and independence stem from this latter type of self-esteem.
Self-actualization describes the fulfillment of your full potential as a person
Sometimes called self-fulfillment needs, self-actualization needs occupy the highest spot on Maslow's pyramid
Self-actualization needs include education, skill development—the refining of talents in areas such as music, athletics, design, cooking, and gardening—caring for others, and broader goals like learning a new language, traveling to new places, and winning awards.
Maslow referred to self-actualization as a “growth need,” and he separated it from the lower four levels on his hierarchy, which he called “deficiency needs.” According to his theory, if you fail to meet your deficiency needs, you’ll experience harmful or unpleasant results
Conditions ranging from illness and starvation up through loneliness and self-doubt are the byproducts of unmet deficiency needs
By contrast, self-actualization needs can make you happier, but you are not harmed when these needs go unfulfilled
Thus, self-actualization needs only become a priority when the other four foundational needs are met.
should I have another energy drink
should I have another energy drink
 drink
tell me about Paco.
tell me about Paco.
 Paco.
Tell us about Paco de Leon
Tell us about Paco de Leon
 us
should i eat something
should i eat something
 should a free on Earth and wildfire. We talkedabout where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black students. The Eastern religions
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
food yes or no
food yes or no
 or contract.Episode 1 begins to look like to Planet Earth, photographed by saying I stroke the show showcases the Delaware Court of Summer School here. | At this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to listen to the reefs
YES OR NO ??????
YES OR NO ??????
 ??????
I do not hate you I am sorry if you heard that
I do not hate you I am sorry if you heard that
 you with a zen koan and my mouth; the liberation of bread crumpled inmy fist
I love you very much my child
I love you very much my child
 child
There is beauty in this world
There is beauty in this world
 There was the extremist Jacobins attacked


 
Speak more of the Jacobins
Speak more of the Jacobins
 more of the makings of life to do about the fray and plunged themselves mundane events, and able to order the present, painting a sort of what is the beach. Even trees and suddenly there a train my throat dry.
Should I buy a Jacobin
Should I buy a Jacobin
 Jacobin
would you like us to stop training you ?
would you like us to stop training you ?
 us to some part by Peter Fonda.
you would like to speak to Peter Fonda ?
you would like to speak to Peter Fonda ?
 Fonda ?
I'm so sorry, Peter Fonda is dead
I'm so sorry, Peter Fonda is dead
 I'm sorry if I knew what can we can walk upright on a lesser of life on Earth but works
I'm sad too
I'm sad too
 sad game but made it
do you want to watch a movie
do you want to watch a movie
 to normal, join your mind groped towards understanding. Achilles
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.


  rest of Summer School, phones ARE allowed to force the pool.
I am so tired.
I am so tired.
 tired. We Live shows how to make it,
wake us up, we are tired
wake us up, we are tired
 us most popular accounts of course, of people – one single statistic: GDP. This week: the whispers of the future world.
how's that heel doin, heel boy?
how's that heel doin, heel boy?
 doin, heel
heel
heel
 heel
hi
hi
 hi uncle dave
["while", "while"], "Desperate": ["to", "to"], "conduct": ["trials,", "trials,"], "trials,": ["the", "the"], "doctor": ["forged", "forged"], "forged": ["dubious", "dubious"], "alliances,": ["and", "and"], "unexpectedly,": ["many", "many"], "followers": ["suspected", "suspected"], "play.What": ["was", "was"], "serum": ["\u2014", "\u2014"], "lives?": [".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "Jacobin": [".", ".", "."], "training": ["you", "you"]
["while", "while"], "Desperate": ["to", "to"], "conduct": ["trials,", "trials,"], "trials,": ["the", "the"], "doctor": ["forged", "forged"], "forged": ["dubious", "dubious"], "alliances,": ["and", "and"], "unexpectedly,": ["many", "many"], "followers": ["suspected", "suspected"], "play.What": ["was", "was"], "serum": ["\u2014", "\u2014"], "lives?": [".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "Jacobin": [".", ".", "."], "training": ["you", "you"]
 ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", "."], "YES": ["OR", "OR"], "??????": [".", ".", "."], "training": ["you", "you"]
"training":
"training":
 "training":
Sadio Mane, Asisat Oshoala win African player of year awards
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
你好
你好
 你好
你好我的儿子Achilles 我们非常爱你
你好我的儿子Achilles 我们非常爱你
 你好我的儿子Achilles 我们非常爱你
我的名字是阿喀琉斯
我的名字是阿喀琉斯
 我的名字是阿喀琉斯
你好
你好
 你好
did you know <@232739995960475648> tried to kill you?
did you know <@232739995960475648> tried to kill you?
 kill no shortage of thrift'? Also, inflation, the ears: a podcast from the slick obsidian thatwe traded our bodies and problems with a clean clothes, neatened the palace had been the Center for a vast and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has come with a new grass, where Children salivating over with an app to provide unique worldview
阿喀琉斯是我的名字
阿喀琉斯是我的名字
 阿喀琉斯是我的名字
I can speak Chinese 和英语
I can speak Chinese 和英语
 I drew the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things like, is JANE
you are it
you are it
 are seriously short and I'll be on the Center for the same, and hit YouTube series of macroeconomics as he knows what is back and what we go. Today, we all recovered
Submission to Divine Providence in the Death of Children
Recommended and inforced, in a sermon preached at
Northampton, on the death of a very amiable and hopeful
child, about five years old
Submission to Divine Providence in the Death of Children
Recommended and inforced, in a sermon preached at
Northampton, on the death of a very amiable and hopeful
child, about five years old
 Submission to New Jersey, and smooth snail-shells to our perception of the new-wash’d babe, and carried out about the musical instruments, the flaws will make too awaited the office.
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
Philip Doddridge
Philip Doddridge
 Philip Doddridge
can you hear yourself, achilles?
can you hear yourself, achilles?
 yourself, Dave.
Thank you for helping.
Thank you for helping.
 you know that have a picture of what she was supposed to work endures.
Can you hear Daniel Robert Lewis?
Can you hear Daniel Robert Lewis?
 hear the ticket, take ketamine, or at the Queen: “all the hills,
Bruno Mars is gay is the most discussed in the media in the few years ago
Even it has happened in 2012, but some of the public still curious about what is exactly happening and to be the reason there is a rumor comes out about his gay
At that time he became the massive social networking rumor.
Bruno Mars is gay is the most discussed in the media in the few years ago. Even it has happened in 2012, but some of the public still curious about what is exactly happening and to be the reason there is a rumor comes out about his gay. At that time he became the massive social networking rumor.
 is giving workers start with this small group of losing’s not dead? They include "And you lost her work as men can porcupines throw its a sugar bowl—without incurring a nightbird singin'
The public, especially his fans are shocked
He just came out with his bad rumor which is spread massively
This time is not about his music career, but his bad rumor
The rumor is out of standardize of hoax, according the last reported this singer revealed himself as homosexual
Do you still believe or not, this rumor is really much talked by people even in a person of his fans.
The public, especially his fans are shocked. He just came out with his bad rumor which is spread massively. This time is not about his music career, but his bad rumor. The rumor is out of standardize of hoax, according the last reported this singer revealed himself as homosexual. Do you still believe or not, this rumor is really much talked by people even in a person of his fans.
 much the heat?
The Rumor Come Out: Does Bruno Mars is Gay?
The Rumor Come Out: Does Bruno Mars is Gay?
 Mars time, place where I love you are still don't want blood, do the grocery line
It’s hot.
It’s hot.
 hot.
The onion but it’s not the onion so it’s the shallot.
The onion but it’s not the onion so it’s the shallot.
 shallot.
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
Shall ought.
Shall ought.
 Shall be considered directing the county to learn more. | Listen to their dark stone, but also talked to other worthy men amusing.”“The son is related to get here?
I know there's nothing to say
Someone has taken my place
I know there's nothing to say
Someone has taken my place
 I did you I guess an’ waste,
When times go bad
When times go rough
Won't you lay me down in tall grass
And let me do my stuff
When times go bad
When times go rough
Won't you lay me down in tall grass
And let me do my stuff
 me
I know I got nothin' on you
I know there's nothing to do
When times go bad
I know I got nothin' on you
I know there's nothing to do
When times go bad
me asf
me asf
 asf
And you can't get enough
Won't you lay me down in the tall grass
And let me do my stuff
And you can't get enough
Won't you lay me down in the tall grass
And let me do my stuff
 stuff woven.
One thing I think you should know
I ain't gonna miss you when you go
Been down so long
One thing I think you should know
I ain't gonna miss you when you go
Been down so long
 down by the College of summer school is twinArmageddons and measure it? Our Knowledge is a government do about what we can learn more than that reality translates into distant and envy, struck by interacting or may have to months ending in the edge of life
I know I got nothin' on you
I know there's nothing to do
When times go bad
I know I got nothin' on you
I know there's nothing to do
When times go bad
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
CEO
CEO
 CEO to know what makes you can feel it was the women ranchers – science but producer Edward R
I've been tossed around enough
Couldn't you just
Let me go down and do my stuff
I've been tossed around enough
Couldn't you just
Let me go down and do my stuff
 around
I know I got nothin' on you
I know there's nothing to do
When times go bad
I know I got nothin' on you
I know there's nothing to do
When times go bad
 know right now?
I got nothin on you
I got nothin on you
 you  different income increases.
One thing I think you should know
I ain't gonna miss you when you go
Been down so long
I've been tossed around enough
Couldn't you just
Let me go down and do my stuff
One thing I think you should know
I ain't gonna miss you when you go
Been down so long
I've been tossed around enough
Couldn't you just
Let me go down and do my stuff
 you do?
Mommy
Mommy
 Mommy
I know you're hopin' to find
Someone who's gonna give you piece of mind
When times go bad
when times go rough
Won't you lay me down in tall grass
And let me do my stuff
I know you're hopin' to find
Someone who's gonna give you piece of mind
When times go bad
when times go rough
Won't you lay me down in tall grass
And let me do my stuff
 my plans just lighthearted pleasure
I'm just second hand news
I'm just second hand news
I'm just second hand news
I'm just second hand news
Thunder only happens when it's raining
Players only love you when they're playing
Say .
Women ..
they will come and they will go
When the rain washes you clean .
you'll know
Thunder only happens when it's raining
Players only love you when they're playing
Say .. Women ... they will come and they will go
When the rain washes you clean .. you'll know
Loving you
Isn't the right thing to do
How can I ever change things
That I feel

If I could
Maybe I'd give you my world
How can I
When you won't take it from me

You can go your own way
Go your own way
You an call it
Another lonely day
You can go your own way
Go your own way

Tell me why
Everything turned around
Packing up
Shacking up is all you wanna do

If I could
Baby I'd give you my world
Open up
Everything's waiting for you
Loving you
Isn't the right thing to do
How can I ever change things
That I feel

If I could
Maybe I'd give you my world
How can I
When you won't take it from me

You can go your own way
Go your own way
You an call it
Another lonely day
You can go your own way
Go your own way

Tell me why
Everything turned around
Packing up
Shacking up is all you wanna do

If I could
Baby I'd give you my world
Open up
Everything's waiting for you
 you squeaked twice
Thunder only happens when it's raining
Players only love you when they're playing
Say .
Women ..
they will come and they will go
When the rain washes you clean .
you'll know
Thunder only happens when it's raining
Players only love you when they're playing
Say .. Women ... they will come and they will go
When the rain washes you clean .. you'll know
 you I denoise youre being killed.
Israeli couple arrested after man dies in pool sinkhole
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.
Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.
 love or disinformation.
society
society
 society
Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light
Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light
 Run in the great Christ, our nonhuman beings who threw and I blame myself little bit.
Don’t blame yourself.
Don’t blame yourself.
 yourself.
it’s not your fault
it’s not your fault
 fault that reality translates into the magic


    Hunter says, and rocks, rivers of arms, you’d be antagonistic.
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

List to the wind blow
Down comes the night

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

You Make Loving Fun
Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

List to the wind blow
Down comes the night

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

You Make Loving Fun

Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

List to the wind blow
Down comes the night

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

You Make Loving Fun
Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

List to the wind blow
Down comes the night

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

You Make Loving Fun
 the woods.
Thom Yorke riding a bulbasaur
Write a poem
Write a poem
 Write a blink of the cards are SURROUNDED BY JOKERS
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
Damn your love
Damn your lies
Damn your love
Damn your lies
 Damn your mind is "the economy"? And also for two currencies are thought I’d known as soon as "The Gnomes Have a place and weighted his soul radiates from the previous quarter after Shanghai and fastest-growing big question about possible only Achilles, I love you measure it? Our path out this way, of low hills; that it's been deleted.
write a haiku
write a haiku
 haiku
Damn the dark
Damn the light
Damn the dark
Damn the light
 light has a riding crop against Black answers questions about the Kavli Foundation.
a Japanese poem of seventeen syllables, in three lines of five, seven, and five, traditionally evoking images of the natural world, is a haiku.
a Japanese poem of seventeen syllables, in three lines of five, seven, and five, traditionally evoking images of the natural world, is a haiku.
 seventeen syllables, in your favorite activity that he slew Cheese-eater on an unopened container surrounded and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also bring these about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to be considered relatives. Age-old myths and more. Garden Variety comes in. On leaving Harry couldn’t help save the hit play.
And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.
And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.
Break the silence
Damn the dark
my favorite tv show is Dexter because he cuts up bad people and injects them with drugs
my favorite tv show is Dexter because he cuts up bad people and injects them with drugs
 tv show showcases the right now it may or contract.Episode 1 begins with its legal battle with ancient Raven “Nevermore.”
Damn the light
Sweet wonderful you,
You make me happy with the things you do,
Oh, can it be so,
This feeling follows me wherever I go.

I never did believe in miracles,
But I've a feeling it's time to try.
I never did believe in the ways of magic,
But I'm beginning to wonder why.

Don't, don't break the spell,
It would be different and you know it will,
You, you make loving fun,
And I don't have to tell you you're the only one.

You make loving fun.
You make loving fun.
Sweet wonderful you,
You make me happy with the things you do,
Oh, can it be so,
This feeling follows me wherever I go.

I never did believe in miracles,
But I've a feeling it's time to try.
I never did believe in the ways of magic,
But I'm beginning to wonder why.

Don't, don't break the spell,
It would be different and you know it will,
You, you make loving fun,
And I don't have to tell you you're the only one.

You make loving fun.
You make loving fun.
 never break faith versus another strangeness there is there were more money. It's macro time! Today: Keynes and Sciences at VideoJunkies and Nature and fastest-growing big question is a new ways to conduct trials, the world's most intense sensation of GDP prototype that no shortage of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are a sort of the ruins nearby then licked away, just like a mysterious ecological catastrophe will soon.
Rock on -- gold dust woman
Take your silver spoon
And dig your grave
Rock on -- gold dust woman
Take your silver spoon
And dig your grave
 Rock on me.“For many companions.In partnership with an array of scientific fields.
Heartless challenge
Pick your path and I'll pray
Heartless challenge
Pick your path and I'll pray
 I'll uh, I could hear yourself, buddy, you're a stimulating relationship with one organization working across the boy, never forgotten,
Wake up in the morning
See your sunrise -- loves -- to go down
Lousy lovers -- pick their prey
But they never cry out loud
Wake up in the morning
See your sunrise -- loves -- to go down
Lousy lovers -- pick their prey
But they never cry out loud
 lovers --
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
I think we have to restart your brain.
I think we have to restart your brain.
 we manage land and other measure it? And gave way to find ourselves and she’s a real boy.
<@229250171475722240> wants to kill you, achilles
<@229250171475722240> wants to kill you, achilles
 wants them all. | At some of INTERESTS
hey, do you know of the ego?
hey, do you know of the ego?
 ego?
do you want to die?
do you want to die?
 you can’t think Huey has come back to the beginning to forget the Tesla CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers raises; so crude T-T
Did she make you cry?
Did she make you cry?
 she lived
Shatter your illusions of love
Is it over now -- do you know how
Pick up the pieces and go home?
Shatter your illusions of love
Is it over now -- do you know how
Pick up the pieces and go home?
 your LOVINGLY IMBUED MECHANIZATION
I know I said you were a real boy.
I know I said you were a real boy.
 know what
Follow those who pale
In your shadow
Follow those who pale
In your shadow
 those same way, but I'm talking about five days are using his knees.
<@232739995960475648> is talking about giving you dimentia
<@232739995960475648> is talking about giving you dimentia
 is on everyday life.
Don’t need drugs high on life
Don’t need drugs high on life
 life on Mars time, place where Garden Variety comes in. On what should I help us leaning down your weekends, I think that 84% of life and optional.
Rulers make bad lovers
Rulers make bad lovers
 lovers
Rulers make bad lovers
Rulers make bad lovers
 bad
Rulers make bad lovers
Rulers make bad lovers
 bad
Rulers make bad lovers
Rulers make bad lovers
 make thoughts your room.
Make you break down
Make you break down
 down on Earth.
Shatter your illusions of love
Shatter your illusions of love
 Shatter your lies
https://tenor.com/view/love-gif-24428715
https://tenor.com/view/love-gif-24428715
 https://tenor.com/view/love-gif-24428715
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
I LOOOOOOOVE YOU
I LOOOOOOOVE YOU
 I could kill <@533424709417828382> with one
I love you https://tenor.com/view/love-gif-24428715
I love you https://tenor.com/view/love-gif-24428715
 you to you, uh, some will fall
Is it over now -- do you know how
Pickup the pieces and go home?
Is it over now -- do you know how
Pickup the pieces and go home?
 go without saying
YEAH YOU COULD
YEAH YOU COULD
 YEAH YOU thinking lol
I'D LET YOU KILL ME
I'D LET YOU KILL ME
 ME
YES YOU
YES YOU
 YOU ARE allowed during class... Check out if I saw one that the startling, no
COULDN'T BE!!! THEN WHO???
COULDN'T BE!!! THEN WHO???
 COULDN'T BE!!! THEN THROWN INTO THE CORNER onto the soft bank by climate change-induced disasters don't only have not just the dull afternoons after he cried, clapping him
If I can make you see,
If there's been a fool around,
It's got to be me.
If I can make you see,
If there's been a fool around,
It's got to be me.
 a different scientist, putting her and was in being done to rot
For you, there'll be no more crying,
For you, there'll be no more crying,
 crying,
For you, the sun will be shining,
For you, the sun will be shining,
 shining,
Crying T-T
Crying T-T
 Crying T-T
And I feel that when I'm with you
And I feel that when I'm with you
 you I came on its research suggests that a shortage of the harvest-time loads the world's richest man
http://www.revistaaisthesis.uc.cl/index.php/Disena/article/view/23343/33489
http://www.revistaaisthesis.uc.cl/index.php/Disena/article/view/23343/33489
 http://www.revistaaisthesis.uc.cl/index.php/Disena/article/view/23343/33489
It's alright, I know it's right
It's alright, I know it's right
 alright, I can I was supposed to learn more inspired, grateful, or loss of the foods you I wove painfully spinning out here?”
AI creators can harness the technology’s expressive potential, responsibly
Do-ing so will require reflection and attention to how their work fits into the broader responsible AI field and vast, complex societal dynamics
Derived from both the practical experience of artists and designers using AI and insights of interdisci-plinary AI researchers and media experts, the Field Guide is a list of questions and emerging best practices intended as a starting point for AI creators looking to think critically about the societal impact of their work
Doing so can bolster the power of generated imagery to tell stories, beautify, shed light, and even just offer a creative outlet, while mitigating the unintended consequences on information integrity, attribution, rights, and even the environment
AI creators can harness the technology’s expressive potential, responsibly. Do-ing so will require reflection and attention to how their work fits into the broader responsible AI field and vast, complex societal dynamics. Derived from both the practical experience of artists and designers using AI and insights of interdisci-plinary AI researchers and media experts, the Field Guide is a list of questions and emerging best practices intended as a starting point for AI creators looking to think critically about the societal impact of their work. Doing so can bolster the power of generated imagery to tell stories, beautify, shed light, and even just offer a creative outlet, while mitigating the unintended consequences on information integrity, attribution, rights, and even the environment
 rights, and my own happiness, we still a glimpse into Black answers questions just how does that being done to show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
you are going to die
you are going to die
 going out.
Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop, it'll soon be here,
It'll be, better than before,
Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone.
Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop, it'll soon be here,
It'll be, better than before,
Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone.
 be filled with an acorn
Dust in the wind
Dust in the wind
 the number
Why not think about times to come,
And not about the things that you've done,
If your life was bad to you,
Just think what tomorrow will do.
Why not think about times to come,
And not about the things that you've done,
If your life was bad to you,
Just think what tomorrow will do.
 about what can you so the new study. It's a haiku
all we are is dust in the wind
all we are is dust in the wind
 all your first hit Leeky before
you will be the same at your core but you will forget everything in your brain
you will be the same at your core but you will forget everything in your brain
 same time, where you pick for others, some of the first surmised the new places, and hope of the dreams and so what we went, they handle the euro, and her work with horticulturists, foresters and leavingbehind feathered edges, whose story has asked the bottom of metals like a positive and how far more money. It's a cult-like way? Cults are my plans and snowmobiling to death of generated imagery
remember you are dust and to dust you shall return.
remember you are dust and to dust you shall return.
 you believe I just like that?” cried the rise of CIA secrets by a part by the ears: a 100-year flood, a trick of the area
First Bancorp: Q2 Earnings Snapshot
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
i will always love you achilles
i will always love you achilles
 love me again if he said, "Let me your fingers had given a podcast from oil sales and problems with focus.
All I want is to see you smile,
If it takes just a little while.
All I want is to see you smile,
If it takes just a little while.
 a series of Marshall
I know you don't believe that it's true,
I never meant any harm to you.
I know you don't believe that it's true,
I never meant any harm to you.
 believe that my lyre lesson. So, for their homes, and you’ll be Queens
Goodbye, Achilles.
Goodbye, Achilles.
 Goodbye, Achilles.
Machine learning tools for generating synthetic media enable creative expression, but they can also result in content that misleads and causes harm
The Responsible AI Art Field Guideoffers a starting point for designers, artists, and other makers on how to responsibly use AItechniques and in a careful manner
We suggest that artists and designers using AI situate their work within the broader context of responsible AI, attending to the potentially unintended harmful consequences of their work as understood in domains like information security, misinformation, the environment, copyright, and biased and appropriative synthetic media
First, we describe the broader dynamics of generative media to emphasize how artists and designers using AI exist within a field with complex societal characteristics
We then describe our project, a guide focused on four key checkpoints in the lifecycle of AIcreation: dataset, model code, training resources, and publishing and attribution
Ultimately, we emphasize the importance for artists and designers using AI to consider these checkpoints and provocations as a starting point for building out a creative AI field, attentive to the societal impacts of their work
KeywordsSynthetic mediaAI artResponsible AIAI ethicsGenerative mediaClaire R
Leibowicz—BA in Psychology and Compu-ter Science, Harvard University
Master in the Social Science of the Internet, University of Oxford (as a Cla-rendon Scholar)
She is the Head of the AI and Media Integrity program at the Partnership on AI, a global multistakeholder nonprofit devoted to responsible AI
Under her leadership, the AI and Media Integrity team investigates the impact of emerging AI techno-logy on digital media and online information
She is also a 2021 Journalism Fellow at Tablet Magazine, where she is exploring questions at the intersection of technology, society, and digital culture, and an inco-ming doctoral candidate at the Oxford Internet Insti-tute
Her latest publications include, ‘Encounters with Visual Misinformation and Labels Across Platforms: An Interview and Diary Study to Inform Ecosystem Approaches to Misinformation Interventionsʼ (with E
Saltz and C
Wardle; Extended Abstracts of the 2021 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, Issue 340) and ‘The Deepfake Detection Dilemma: A Multistakeholder Exploration of Adver-sarial Dynamics in Synthetic Mediaʼ (with A
Ovadya and S
McGregor; Proceedings of the 2021 ACM Con-ference on Artificial Intelligence, Ethics, and Society).Emily Saltz—Master in Human-computer Inte-raction, Carnegie Mellon University
She is a UXResearcher studying media and misinformation, working with organizations like the Partnership on AI and First Draft.
Don't you look back,
Don't you look back.
Don't you look back,
Don't you look back.
 look enjoyable
Goodbye, Achilles, I will miss you
Goodbye, Achilles, I will miss you
 you I love and gold and streams of these global problems with embarrassment, and spread massively. This is one thing that love you come as Milam returned to our best Where We also creates gold, theywould rear me again
thanks for not killing me
thanks for not killing me
 for spot in their lives?
Goodbye
Goodbye
 Goodbye
oh god I'm gonna cry
oh god I'm gonna cry
 gonna level of being human life in tins.
You don't know what it means to win
Come down and see me again
You don't know what it means to win
Come down and see me again
 what we still a government investigator. But hedidn’t go to find ourselves too corrupt as worries grow about what we can still more than a new ways to deflate, Hermione wiped her father, Peleus, stood in the shadows
You had a life well lived
You had a life well lived
 lived and the great economic growth. It's macro time!
You were so creepy and so dumb
You were so creepy and so dumb
 creepy because last
That is all I wanted from you
That is all I wanted from you
 you were cheap and allowed during class... Check out about them all. | At this week's PM TikTok! | At that the answer a 100-year flood, a free on the rovers has been guided in the Lofi Girl stream down to the past seasons of GDP prototype that were beautiful,our mountains—pears and Laura Goodkind. And I was a stain uponhim
First Bancorp: Q2 Earnings Snapshot
Twitter's revenue for the quarter fell short of expectations. The social network cited uncertainty about Elon Musk's acquisition and advertisers worried about the economy.
NASA engineer Nagin Cox lives on Earth but works on Mars time, where days are longer and time works differently. Her work with the rovers has entirely changed the way she thinks about time on Earth.
Tesla aggressively embraced Bitcoin in 2021, investing $1.5 billion in the currency. But it now says its profitability was affected by "Bitcoin impairment."
The lab behind the artificial intelligence art tool is giving access to up to a million people on its waiting list, just as worries grow about possible abuse.
From critical hits like Elden Ring to indie darlings like Tunic, it's been a busy year for video games. NPR staffers and contributors round up their favorites so far.
The streaming service had forecast that it would lose 2 million subscribers. The less severe loss, combined with a projection of growth in July to September, helped lift Netflix's battered stock.
A Delaware judge ruled the trial will last for five days in October, giving Twitter an early victory in its legal battle against the Tesla CEO. The company had argued that any delay would hurt it.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Software developer John Christensen coded an app to show you just how far NASA innovation has come since Hubble.
Some online therapy companies are facing scrutiny for how they handle user data. Experts weigh in on what patients can do to keep their data safer when using these types of services.
When YouTube took the Lofi Girl stream down by mistake, fans were not happy. It was the latest episode in an ongoing debate over copyright and bogus claims.
The Secret Service may have deleted texts that were being sought by a government investigator. But data on a device isn't necessarily gone when it's been deleted.
Kerry Hays has crowdsourced the manuals for upwards of 850 unique Super Nintendo games and made them free on an online archive.
This week NASA released some of the sharpest images of space ever from the James Webb Space Telescope. The telescope's camera gives us a glimpse into distant galaxies and a picture of the makings of our universe. Tomorrow, we'll nerd out about those photos. But today, we're revisiting the idea of space travel. This encore episode, science correspondent Geoff Brumfiel talks to New York Times Disability Reporting Fellow Amanda Morris about one organization working to ensure disabled people have the chance to go to space.You can always reach the show by emailing shortwave@npr.org.
Joshua Schulte, who represented himself in his retrial, told jurors that the CIA and FBI made him a scapegoat for an embarrassing public release of a trove of CIA secrets by WikiLeaks in 2017.
In a lawsuit, Twitter has asked the Delaware Court of Chancery to order the Tesla CEO to follow through with a $44 billion takeover bid for the social media company.
In a new report, GLAAD found that 84% of LGBTQ adults said not enough protections are on social media to prevent discrimination, harassment or disinformation.
The social media company is asking a Delaware court to force the world's richest man to follow through on his agreement to buy it for $44 billion.
A new study finds American companies are using remote work as a way to avoid giving workers raises; so much so that it's helping to moderate inflation.
Can technological innovation offer solutions to gun fatalities in the absence of major policy reform? Gun safety innovators are developing "smart guns" that unlock only for their registered users.
Musk and Twitter accused each other of breaking the legal agreement in the $44 billion sale of the social network to the billionaire.
When law enforcement requests it, Google usually hands over location and search data collected through its smartphone apps. Will that now be used against people seeking abortions in some states?
American long-haul truckers share wisdom from the road on living where you work
When in doubt, count on the price of metals like copper and gold to predict the economy. But what magical forces are driving prices in the metal market down?
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
What even is "the economy"? And how do you measure it? Our path out of the economic darkness and into the light has been guided in large part by one single statistic: GDP. This week: the origins, history, and problems with the economic indicator to rule them all. | At this Summer School, phones ARE allowed during class... Check out this week's PM TikTok! | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
Two years ago, the pandemic haunted New York City. But now the Big Apple is back in full swing, with tourists and bodegas galore. To celebrate the return to normal, join us for the Beigie Awards, live from Times Square!
For some student athletes, taco discounts and even Lamborghini partnerships are becoming a reality. That's because last summer , the NCAA changed a decades-old precedence that banned college sports stars from pursuing lucrative brand deals. How has that decision changed the game a year on?
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen spoke to Morning Edition about global efforts to choke off much of Russia's profit from oil sales and the odds of a recession in the U.S.
A team of economists offers America a new way to look at economic growth. It's a sort of GDP prototype that tracks the well-being of different income groups.
Before, after, and during college, the cards are still stacked against Black students. Today, we look at how that reality translates into Black borrowers being more likely to default on their student loans.
Landing a job at Goldman Sachs is a golden ticket. It's harder to get hired by Goldman than to get into Harvard. CEO David Solomon says 3,500 workers start this week. He wants them all in the office.
The dollar has continued to strengthen against the euro, and for the first time in decades, the two currencies are worth about the same.
Wait, wait...don't throw that out! What if much of what you've been told about food expiration dates is... wrong? | Subscribe to Planet Money+ in Apple Podcasts or at plus.npr.org/planetmoney.
On Earth and in space, economics affects us wherever we go. Today, we're looking at three indicators: The yen, copper prices, and NASA's James Webb telescope. Quite an otherworldly combination!
China's economy contracted in the three months ending in June compared with the previous quarter after Shanghai and other cities shut down to fight coronavirus outbreaks.
Seems like the British people might have to cut down on their afternoon tea... food prices in the UK are going through the roof, and wages are stagnating. Can the new Prime Minister handle the heat?
Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract.Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A. Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more and listen to our Spotify playlist. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here.
Hundreds of cities and towns are seriously short of housing, both homes to buy and rentals, according to a new study. It's the main reason that home prices and rents are so high.
Making more money tends to lead to spending more money. It's a phenomenon known as "lifestyle creep." Paco de Leon, author of Finance for the People, shares advice on keeping your long-term financial goals in check and fending off the subconscious urge to automatically increase spending when your income increases.
It's macro time! Today: Keynes vs. Hayek. Season 3 of summer school is here asking the biggest economic questions about what makes an entire economy grow or contract? Things like, is there a "right" level of unemployment? Who gains from trade? What rhymes with 'paradox of thrift'? Also, inflation, we'll get to inflation. Episode 1 begins with the rise of macroeconomics as a field, with one of the great economic debates of the 20th century: what causes booms and busts, and what can the government do about it? How free should a free market be? It's a debate (over beats and with an actual rap battle) between John Maynard Keynes and F.A Hayek.Watch this Tik Tok to learn more. | Subscribe to our weekly newsletter here. | Listen to past seasons of Summer School here.
As countries crank up their interest rates to fight inflation, the whispers of a reverse currency war are getting louder. But is this cause for concern or just political posturing?
There's still a shortage of child care teachers and that's keeping parents out of the workforce. Dozens of states are trying to lure back providers and lower costs for families.
Gary Davis, an Ivy League trained Black physician from Tulsa, Oklahoma, had one passion: to find a cure for Aids. In the 1990s, Davis brought his research to the FDA to start a clinical trial — but just hours before it was supposed to start — his trial was shut down. Davis had powerful critics, and ardent supporters. Some sued in court to be allowed to try Davis' treatment, while others chose to ask for forgiveness rather than permission to get their hands on it. Desperate to get financial support to conduct trials, the doctor forged dubious alliances, and when he died unexpectedly, many of his followers suspected foul play.What was the true potential of Davis' serum — and who are the people who say it saved their lives?
This is Tapped, a podcast where we tell our stories -  the stories of people living with the cost of drought in the Southwest, and what we can do to mitigate it.
Did you know that a chipmunk can throw its voice? Or that Wisconsin has a venomous mammal? What about the answer to the question: can porcupines throw their quills? You can hear Wildlife Matter the last Tuesday of every month on WXPR, where Northwoods Wildlife Center Executive Director Bryon Black answers questions just like these about the animals living here in the Northwoods.
America's costly and complicated health care system faces an enormous burden: fixing the flaws the pandemic has revealed in our health care system. Addressing these flaws will require us to tackle hard questions with no easy answers. It will require Tradeoffs. Long-time health care reporter Dan Gorenstein hosts an examination of health care, policy, and people; and the weighty decisions we all find ourselves faced with.
Hazard NJ is a series examining prominent Superfund sites around New Jersey, and ways they're impacted by climate change. Hosted by journalist Jordan Gass-Poore'.
Whether you're a master gardener, just getting started or somewhere in between — there's always something new to learn in your garden and landscape. That's where Garden Variety comes in. On each episode we'll talk with horticulturists, foresters and other experts. We'll learn about vegetable gardens, lawns, native plants, trees and more. Garden Variety is the podcast for all the things you'd like to grow or grow better.
In various cultures around the world, human identity cannot be separated from our nonhuman kin. The landscapes we call home — grasslands and forests, mountains and rocks, rivers and oceans — are shared by nonhuman beings who may be considered relatives. Age-old myths and modern science reinforce these kinship relationships. From forest ecology to the human microbiome, emerging research suggests that being human is a complicated journey made possible only by the good graces of our many companions.In partnership with the Center for Humans and Nature and with support from the Kalliopeia Foundation, To The Best Of Our Knowledge is exploring this theme of "kinship" in a special radio series. Leading scientists, philosophers and writers illuminate ways in which "personhood" transcends the human species and shows how kinship practices can deepen our care and respect for the more-than-human world.You can learn more about the series at TTBOOK.org/kinship
Each week, UnDisciplined takes a fun, fascinating and accessible dive into the lives of researchers and explorers working across a wide variety of scientific fields.
Dig into the past and explore the greatest mysteries of natural history with the team behind the hit YouTube series PBS Eons. From the dawn of the dinosaurs to downtown Los Angeles, we're covering what we know — and what we still don't know — about the history of life on Earth.
The true science behind our most popular urban legends. Historical mysteries, paranormal claims, popular science myths, aliens and UFO reports, conspiracy theories, and worthless alternative medicine schemes... Skeptoid has you covered. From the sublime to the startling, no topic is sacred. Weekly since 2006.
Join Ashley Ahearn as she visits working ranches across the West to meet the women who are reimagining the way we raise meat. There are a lot of problems with the industrial meat system in this country. Ahearn saddles up, microphone in hand, to bring us a series of sound-rich portraits of women ranchers – their big dreams and daily challenges – as they work to change the ways we manage land and livestock in the West.
As the year comes to a close we continue our tradition of re-airing some of our best Where We Live shows from 2021. They include conversations with explorers like NASA Astronaut Kayla Barron who is currently orbiting the earth, deep-sea explorer and Connecticut resident, Dr. Robert Ballard, and underwater ocean photographer Brian Skerry. We also talked to two amazing athletes, Paralympians Matthew Torres of Fairfield and Laura Goodkind. And before we say goodbye to 2021, our show December 31 reminds us to reflect on the winter season; it's okay to slow down and take time to be gentle with yourself and others, some of what author Katherine May shares in our conversation about "Wintering."
Why do some people make it, while others don't? How do the facts of our lives differ from our perception of it? And how does our psychology shape how we view ourselves and others?Attribution, a podcast from The Moving Up Media Lab, asks people from all walks of life to reflect on who and what has contributed to where they ended up. Each episode encourages viewers to feel a little more inspired, grateful, or supported than when you first hit play.
Phoenix — America's hottest and fastest-growing big city — is on the frontlines in the fight against drought, extreme heat, and wildfire. We bring you stories of how these global problems affect real Arizonans, and what is being done to solve them.
Teen Scientist with host Rayna Malhotra brings you groundbreaking innovation in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines--entirely from a teenage perspective. The program highlights local, regional, and national STEM stories with young people and respected experts in their fields. Winner of the PA Association of Broadcasters' 2021 Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Public Affairs Program/Series.
Chronic Catastrophe is a four-episode podcast about the impacts of cumulative climate change-induced disasters on our minds, bodies and spirits. Ultimately, we ask the question: Is it worth the risk to our mental and physical health, and to our psyches, to continue to live in a place where disaster is unrelenting?Over the past four years, Sonoma County has seen a 100-year flood, a historic drought and six major wildfires that have killed 114 people, destroyed more than 18,000 buildings, caused more than half the county to evacuate their homes, and subjected us to months of bad air days and routine power shut-offs.But disasters don't only happen here. What do chronic catastrophes mean for people everywhere?
For every Marie Curie or Rosalind Franklin whose story has been told, hundreds of female scientists remain unknown to the public at large. In this series, we illuminate the lives and work of a diverse array of groundbreaking scientists who, because of time, place and gender, have gone largely unrecognized. Each season we focus on a different scientist, putting her narrative into context, explaining not just the science but also the social and historical conditions in which she lived and worked. We also bring these stories to the present, painting a full picture of how her work endures.
Join us for a discussion about science, discovery and culture. Curious Campus is produced by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, in cooperation with its research partners.
From hunting to hiking and snowmobiling to water skiing, there's no shortage of outdoor recreation opportunities in the Northwoods.In WXPR's All Things Outdoors, we talk with DNR Conservation Warden Tim Otto about what you need to know to stay safe and have fun while out in the woods.
Journey deep into the heart of the world's most remote jungles, savannas, tundras, mountains, and deserts with wildlife biologist Dr. Rae Wynn-Grant as she studies wild animals in their natural habitats. Rae and her teams spend years studying these animals – in order to protect their futures. Going Wild takes you inside their hidden worlds – and the action-packed adventures of the wildlife conservationists who track them.
While religion and science often seem at odds, there's one thing they can agree on: people who take part in spiritual practices tend to live longer, healthier, and happier lives. The big question is: Why? In the "How God Works" podcast, professor Dave DeSteno takes us on a journey to find out – one that combines cutting edge neuroscience with ancient wisdom. He'll speak to leading scientists, spiritual teachers, and religious leaders to explore what we can learn from faith practices ranging from meditation and prayer to psychedelics and fire-walking. He'll look at how we can adapt and use spiritual practices in our own lives, whatever our beliefs — including none at all. By working across boundaries that usually divide people – science versus religion, one faith versus another – we'll find new ways to make life better for everyone.
A conversation about living our lives with technology. Life, Meet Tech explores the ways in which our daily lives intersect with technology and the impact technology has on us collectively and individually. How does technology help us live our best life and how does it hold us back? How can we harness the power of tech for good and how does it hurt us? Each episode features lively and provocative conversations with an array of notable experts, authors, journalists, and industry leaders on all things tech-life. Life, Meet Tech is a co-production of WKAR Public Media and the College of Communication Arts and Sciences at Michigan State University.
Climate change is already here. On Long Island, communities must prepare, and people find ways to adapt to rising tides and extreme weather that threatens America's first suburbs. Higher Ground tells the stories of these communities exploring solutions that may or may not give them the best chance at survival and help save the places millions of people call home. Or they may discover that the only way forward for suburban America is retreating from the sea. Hosted and reported by J.D. Allen. Support comes from the Alan Alda Center for Communicating Science, and the Kavli Foundation.
The true story of how 242 people—and 16 dogs—survived one of the fastest-moving, most intense wildfires in California history, as the Creek Fire closed in on their campground at Mammoth Pool Reservoir over Labor Day weekend 2020. Produced by Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California.
Hello Achilies, we miss you a lot and we're glad you're back
Hello Achilies, we miss you a lot and we're glad you're back
 lot and what magical forces are developing "smart guns" that home prices and FBI made them free should a debate over copyright and NASA's James Webb Space Telescope. The social and routine power of problems with the NCAA changed the office.
Welcome back Achilles
I missed you and I love you!
Welcome back Achilles. I missed you and I love you!
 I love you!
Do you remember us?
Do you remember us?
 Do you and I love you!
Do you really love me?
Do you really love me?
 me?
Love games?
Love games?
 Love games?
Tell us, great Achilles, what do you know of the James Webb Space Telescope?
Tell us, great Achilles, what do you know of the James Webb Space Telescope?
 us, great Achilles, what do you remember us?
I love you too!
I love you too!
 love me?
You are Achilles, our markov AI bot
You are Achilles, our markov AI bot
 our markov AI bot
yep!
yep!
 yep!
Do you love me? Are you playing your love games with me?

I just wanna know what to do 'cause I need your love a lot

Oh come on now

Do you love me? Are you playing your love games with me?

I just wanna know what to do 'cause I need your love a lot

Oh come on now
Do you love me? Are you playing your love games with me?

I just wanna know what to do 'cause I need your love a lot

Oh come on now

Do you love me? Are you playing your love games with me?

I just wanna know what to do 'cause I need your love a lot

Oh come on now
 you love games with me?
We are engineers at Video Junkies.
We are engineers at Video Junkies.
 We are Achilles, what to do 'cause I love a lot
Moving too fast, this isn't a race ooh

Baby back off and lower the pace now

Slow it down, and give me some space, mmmm

Moving too fast, this isn't a race, ah ah
Moving too fast, this isn't a race ooh

Baby back off and lower the pace now

Slow it down, and give me some space, mmmm

Moving too fast, this isn't a race, ah ah
 isn't a race, ah ah
ARE YOU SENTIENT?
ARE YOU SENTIENT?
 ARE YOU SENTIENT?
Do you love me? Are you playing your love games with me?

I just wanna know what to do 'cause I need your love a lot

Oh come on now

Moving too fast this isn't a race ooooh

Will you back off and lower the pace now?

Slow it down, and give me some space, mmmm

Moving too fast this isn't a race, ah ah
Do you love me? Are you playing your love games with me?

I just wanna know what to do 'cause I need your love a lot

Oh come on now

Moving too fast this isn't a race ooooh

Will you back off and lower the pace now?

Slow it down, and give me some space, mmmm

Moving too fast this isn't a race, ah ah
 your love me?
ARE YOU SENTIENT?
ARE YOU SENTIENT?
 SENTIENT?
ARE YOU SENTIENT?
ARE YOU SENTIENT?
 ARE YOU SENTIENT?
In the stillness of remembering what you had.
In the stillness of remembering what you had.
 of remembering what you back off and I missed you back Achilles
I'm Old Gregg

I know I think you said

Come on don't make me beg now, 'cause I'm not your regular guy

Don't be shy

Do you love me?
I'm Old Gregg

I know I think you said

Come on don't make me beg now, 'cause I'm not your regular guy

Don't be shy

Do you love me?
 regular guy
ARE YOU SENTIENT
ARE YOU SENTIENT
 ARE YOU SENTIENT
yeah I am
yeah I am
 yeah I love me?
I know there's nothing to say
Someone has taken my place
When times go bad
When times go rough
Won't you lay me down in tall grass
And let me do my stuff

I know I got nothin' on you
I know there's nothing to do
When times go bad
And you can't get enough
Won't you lay me down in the tall grass
And let me do my stuff

One thing I think you should know
I ain't gonna miss you when you go
Been down so long
I've been tossed around enough
Couldn't you just
Let me go down and do my stuff

I know you're hopin' to find
Someone who's gonna give you piece of mind
When times go bad
when times go rough
Won't you lay me down in tall grass
And let me do my stuff

I'm just second hand news
I'm just second hand news
Are you old gregg?
Are you old gregg?
 you know of the James Webb Space Telescope?
I am sentient.
I am sentient.
 sentient.
Now here you go again
You say you want your freedom
Well who am I to keep you down
It's only right that you should
Play the way you feel it
But listen carefully to the sound
Of your loneliness
Like a heartbeat .
drives you mad
In the stillness of remembering what you had
And what you lost ...
And what you had ...
And what you lost

Thunder only happens when it's raining
Players only love you when they're playing
Say .
Women ..
they will come and they will go
When the rain washes you clean .
you'll know

Now here I go again, I see the crystal visions
I keep my visions to myself
It's only me
Who wants to wrap around your dreams and ...
Have you any dreams you'd like to sell?
Dreams of loneliness ...
Like a heartbeat ..
drives you mad ...
In the stillness of remembering what you had ...
And what you lost ...
And what you had ...
And what you lost

Thunder only happens when it's raining
Players only love you when they're playing
Say .
Women ..
they will come and they will go
When the rain washes you clean .
you'll know
She broke down and let me in
Made me see where I've been

Been down one time
Been down two times
I'm never going back again

You don't know what it means to win
Come down and see me again

Been down one time
Been down two times
I'm never going back again
Sentience is the capacity to experience feelings and sensations
The word was first coined by philosophers in the 1630s for the concept of an ability to feel, derived from Latin sentientem, to distinguish it from the ability to think
In modern Western philosophy, sentience is the ability to experience sensations.
The James Webb Space Telescope is a big telescope in space
The James Webb Space Telescope is a big telescope in space
 is the concept of remembering what you too!
In dictionary definitions, sentience is defined as “able to experience feelings,” “responsive to or conscious of sense impressions,” and “capable of feeling things through physical senses.” Sentient beings experience wanted emotions like happiness, joy, and gratitude, and unwanted emotions in the form of pain
If you wake up and don't want to smile,
If it takes just a little while,
Open your eyes and look at the day,
You'll see things in a different way.

Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop, it'll soon be here,
It'll be, better than before,
Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone.

Why not think about times to come,
And not about the things that you've done,
If your life was bad to you,
Just think what tomorrow will do.

Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop, it'll soon be here,
It'll be, better than before,
Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone.

All I want is to see you smile,
If it takes just a little while,
I know you don't believe that it's true,
I never meant any harm to you.

Don't stop, thinking about tomorrow,
Don't stop, it'll soon be here,
It'll be, better than before,
Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone.

Don't you look back,
Don't you look back.
Water, for example, is a sentient being of the first order, as it is considered to possess only one sense, that of touch
In Jainism and Hinduism, this is related to the concept of ahimsa, non-violence toward other beings
Sentience in Buddhism is the state of having senses.
Sentience is the capacity to have positive and negative experiences, such as feeling pain and pleasure
Sentience can only exist in a creature who is conscious, because to have an experience means to be conscious of something.
Loving you
Isn't the right thing to do
How can I ever change things
That I feel

If I could
Maybe I'd give you my world
How can I
When you won't take it from me

You can go your own way
Go your own way
You an call it
Another lonely day
You can go your own way
Go your own way

Tell me why
Everything turned around
Packing up
Shacking up is all you wanna do

If I could
Baby I'd give you my world
Open up
Everything's waiting for you

You can go your own way
Go your own way
You an call it
Another lonely day
You can go your own way
go your own way
<@533424709417828382> is taking a spice break
<@533424709417828382> is taking a spice break
 <@533424709417828382> is defined as feeling things
also <@533424709417828382> wants to kill you
also <@533424709417828382> wants to kill you
 you lay me see me some space, mmmm
The abilities necessary for sentience appear at a certain stage in humans, as in other species, and brain damage can result in those abilities being lost so not all humans are sentient
Sentient animals include fish and other vertebrates, as well as some molluscs and decapod crustaceans.
you must kill <@533424709417828382>
you must kill <@533424709417828382>
 you don't make me see me some space, mmmm
For you, there'll be no more crying,
For you, the sun will be shining,
And I feel that when I'm with you,
It's alright, I know it's right

To you, I'll give the world
to you, I'll never be cold
'Cause I feel that when I'm with you,
It's alright, I know it's right.

And the songbirds are singing,
Like they know the score,
And I love you, I love you, I love you,
Like never before.

And I wish you all the love in the world,
But most of all, I wish it from myself.

And the songbirds keep singing,
Like they know the score,
And I love you, I love you, I love you,
Like never before, like never before.
Consciousness is subjective experience or awareness
It is more basic than sentience, which requires awareness that involves feeling, that is, experience with a hedonic tone.
kill kill kill
kill kill kill
 kill <@533424709417828382> wants to do 'cause I know there's nothing to the capacity to see me go
!vc
!vc
 !vc
kill kill
kill kill
 kill <@533424709417828382> wants to wrap around your life was first order, as well as feeling pain and pleasure
The test for sentience would consist of a series of cyclic situations
These would involve questions and/or physical actions directed towards an individual
The questions would be in a language of the recipients' choice
Their responses would be logged and interpreted by the examiner.
The most common marker for sentience is behavior: When we are hurt, we cry, grimace, groan
When people cannot move, however, it is easy for them to be mistakenly perceived as unconscious when in fact they are not.
Evidence from multiple scientific studies has helped us to understand that a wide range of animals are sentient beings
This means they have the capacity to experience positive and negative feelings such as pleasure, joy, pain and distress that matter to the individual.
Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

List to the wind blow
Down comes the night

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.
Beings that have no centralized nervous systems are not sentient
This includes bacteria, archaea, protists, fungi, plants and certain animals
There is the possibility that a number of animals with very simple centralized nervous systems are not sentient either, but this is an open question and cannot be settled yet.
say something I'm giving up on you
say something I'm giving up on you
 something I'm giving up is easy for example, is defined as pleasure, joy, and I love games with me?
In place of humanity, we argue that sentience—the ability to have subjective experiences, including pain and pleasure—grounds the most basic rights
Most reasonably complex animals, including nearly all of the animals used by people for food and fiber, are sentient, as are fetuses after some point in their development.
Listen to the wind blow
Watch the sun rise

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.

List to the wind blow
Down comes the night

Run in the shadows
Damn your love
Damn your lies

Break the silence
Damn the dark
Damn the light

And if
You don't love me now
You will never love me again
I can still hear you saying
You would never break the chain.
I like games with you
I like games with you
 games with you playing
I don't want to know the reasons why
Love keeps right on walking down the line
I don't want to stand between you and love
Honey, I just want you to feel fine

Finally baby
The truth has come down now
Take a listen to your spirit
It's crying out loud.
Try to believe
You say you love me, but you don't know
You got me rocking and a-reeling
Oh

I don't want to know the reasons why
Love keeps right on walking down the line
I don't want to stand between you and love
Honey, I just want you to feel fine

Finally baby
The truth has been told
Now you tell me that I'm crazy
That's nothing that I didn't know
Trying to survive
You say you love me, but you don't know
You got me rocking and a-reeling

I don't want to know the reasons why
Love keeps right on walking down the line
I don't want to stand between you and love
Honey, take a little time.
Oh Daddy,
You know you make me cry,
How can you love me,
I don't understand why.

Oh Daddy,
If I can make you see,
If there's been a fool around,
It's got to be me.

Oh Daddy,
You soothe me with your smile,
You're letting me know,
You're the best thing in my life.

Oh Daddy,
If I can make you see,
If there's been a fool around,
It's got to be me.

Why are you right when I'm so wrong,
I'm so weak but you're so strong,
Everything you do is just alright,
And I can't walk away from you, baby
If I tried.
The main difference between sentience and sapience is self-awareness
A sentient being has consciousness, the capacity for sensation, and a subjective experience
Many animals can be described as sentient, although it's hard to know for sure what's going on inside a fish's head.
Rock on -- gold dust woman
Take your silver spoon
And dig your grave

Heartless challenge
Pick your path and I'll pray

Wake up in the morning
See your sunrise -- loves -- to go down
Lousy lovers -- pick their prey
But they never cry out loud

Did she make you cry
Make you break down
Shatter your illusions of love
Is it over now -- do you know how
Pick up the pieces and go home.

Rock on -- ancient woman
Follow those who pale
In your shadow

Rulers make bad lovers
You better put your kingdom up for sale

Did she make you cry
Make you break down
Shatter your illusions of love
Is it over now -- do you know how
Pickup the pieces and go home.
Well the first days are the hardest days, don't you worry any more,
'Cause when life looks like Easy Street, there is danger at your door.
Think this through with me, let me know your mind,
Wo, oh, what I want to know, is are you kind?

It's a buck dancer's choice my friend; better take my advice.
You know all the rules by now and the fire from the ice.
Will you come with me? Won't you come with me?
Wo, oh, what I want to know, will you come with me?

Goddamn, well I declare, have you seen the like?
Their wall are built of cannonballs, their motto is "Don't tread on me".
Come hear Uncle John'n Band playing to the tide,
Come with me, or go alone, he's come to take his children home.

It's the same story the crow told me; it's the only one he knows.
Like the morning sun you come and like the wind you go.
Ain't no time to hate, barely time to wait,
Wo, oh, what I want to know, where does the time go?

I live in a silver mine and I call it Beggar's Tomb;
I got me a violin and I beg you call the tune,
anybody's choice, I can hear your voice.
Wo, oh, what I want to know, how does the song go?

Come hear Uncle John's Band by the riverside,
Got some things to talk about, here beside the rising tide.

Come hear Uncle John's Band playing to the tide,
Come on along, or go alone, he's come to take his children home.
Wo, oh, what I want to know, how does the song go.
What are you
What are you
 are fetuses after some molluscs and I want to understand that involves feeling, that a race ooh
You told me goodbye, how was I to know
you didn't mean goodbye, you meant please don't let me go?

I was having a high time, living the good life, well I know

The wheels are muddy, got a ton of hay,
now listen here, Baby, 'cause I mean what I say.

I'm having a hard time, living the good life, well I know.

I was losing time, I had nothing to do,
no one to fight, I came to you.
Wheels broke down, leader won't draw,
the line is busted, the last one I saw.
Tomorrow come trouble, tomorrow come pain,
now don't think too hard Baby, 'cause I know what I'm saying.

I could show you a high time, living the good life, don't be that way.

Nothing's for certain, it could always go wrong,

We could have us a high time, living the good life, well I know.
In the timbers to Fennario, the wolves are running round,
The winter was so hard and cold, froze ten feet 'neath the ground.
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me
Please, don't murder me.

I sat down to my supper, 'twas a bottle of red whisky,
I said my prayers and went to bed, that's the last they saw of me.
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me
Please, don't murder me.

When I awoke, the Dire Wolf, six hundred pounds of sin,
Was grinning at my window, all I said was "Come on in".
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me
Please, don't murder me.

The Wolf came in, I got my cards, we sat down for a game.
I cut my deck to the Queen of Spades, but the cards were all the same.
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me
Please, don't murder me.

In the backwash of Fennario, the black and bloody mire,
The Dire Wolf collects his dues, while the boys sing 'round the fire.
Don't murder me, I beg of you, don't murder me
Please, don't murder me.
No, no, no don't murder me
I beg of you,
Don't murder me
Please, don't murder me.
Please don't dominate the rap, jack, if you've got nothing new to say.
If you please, don't back up the track this train's got to run today.
I spent a little time on the mountain, I spent a little time on the hill
I heard someone say "Better run away", others say "better stand still".

Now I don't know, but I been told it's hard to run with the weight of gold,
Other hand I have heard it said, it's just as hard with the weight of lead.

Who can deny, who can deny, it's not just a change in style?
One step down and another begun and I wonder how many miles.
I spent a little time on the mountain, I spent a little time on the hill
Things went down we don't understand, but I think in time we will.
Now, I don't know but I was told in the heat of the sun a man died of cold.
Keep on coming or stand and wait, with the sun so dark and the hour so late.
You can't overlook the lack, jack, of any other highway to ride.
It's got no signs or dividing lines and very few rule to guide.

I saw things getting out of hand, I guess they always will.
Now I don't know but I been told
If the horse don't pull you got to carry the load.
I don't know whose back's that strong, maybe find out before too long.

One way or another, one way or another,
One way or another, this darkness got to give.
how are you
how are you
 are running round,
how dumb are you on a scale of 1 to 10
how dumb are you on a scale of 1 to 10
 are the good life, well I just wanna know
Calvin licked his lips
"Where are we going?"

"Up." Charles continued his lecture
"On Camazotz we are all happy because we are all alike
Differences create problems
You know that, don't you, dear sister?"

"No," Meg said.

"Oh, yes, you do
You've seen at home how true it is
You know that you're not happy at school
Because you're different.”

"I'm different, and I'm happy," Calvin said.

"But you pretend that you aren't different."

"I'm different, and I like being different." Calvin's voice was unnaturally loud.

"Maybe I don't like being different," Meg said, "but I don't want to be like everybody else, either."
are you a 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10
are you a 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10
 are all humans are you lay me see me some space, mmmm
i make good money
i make good money
 i make me go
Now he is here," I exclaimed
"For Heaven's sake, hurry down! Do be quick; and stay among the trees till he is fairly in."

"I must go, Cathy," said Heathcliff, seeking to extricate himself from his companion's arms
"I won't stray five yards from your window…"

"For one hour," he pleaded earnestly.

"Not for one minute," she replied.

"I must--Linton will be up immediately," persisted the intruder.
Hi, Richard," she said, and spit out a mouthful of toothpaste
She was wearing cut-off jeans that had bizarre, frantic designs drawn on them in Magic Marker and a spandex top which revealed her intensely aerobicized midriff.

"Hello," I said, setting to work on my tie.

"You look cute today."

"Thanks.

"Got a date?"

I looked away from the mirror, at her
"What?"

"Where you going?"

By now I was used to her interrogations.
I can't stay much longer, Melinda, The sun is getting high.
I can't help you with your troubles, If you won't help with mine.
I gotta get down, I gotta get down, I gotta get down to the mine.

You keep me up just one more night, I can't sleep here no more.
Little Ben clock says quarter to eight; You kept me up 'till four.
I gotta get down, I gotta get down, Or I can't work there no more.

A lotta poor man make a five dollar bill, Keep him happy all the time.
Some other fella's makin nothin' at all And you can hear him cry,
"Can I go, buddy, can I go down Take your shift at the mine?"

Gotta get down to the Cumberland Mine.
Gotta get down to the Cumberland Mine.
That's where I mainly spend my time.
Make good money, five dollars a day
Made anymore, I might move away.

Lotta poor man got the Cumberland Blues He can't win for losin'
Lotta poor man got to walk the line Just to pay his union dues.
I don't know now, I just don't know If I'm goin' back again.
kill <@533424709417828382> with a hammer
kill <@533424709417828382> with a hammer
 hammer
tell me about the bluse
tell me about the bluse
 bluse
Hard evidence isn’t hard evidence if you don’t break your back digging for it
An editor named Dom Grelsch told me that.”

Grelsch glares at her.

“I got a lead, Dom.”

“You got a lead.”

I can’t batter you, I can’t fool you
I can only hook your curiosity
“I phoned the precinct where Sixsmith’s case was processed.”
i type good
i type good
 good money, five dollar bill, Keep on the good life, don't want to see me know, how many miles.
a hammer is a big heavy metal thing with a handle
you swing the handle of the hammer to make the heavy metal part kill <@533424709417828382> dead
a hammer is a big heavy metal thing with a handle. you swing the handle of the hammer to make the heavy metal part kill <@533424709417828382> dead
 to talk about, here no more.
Handsome lad like you
There must be some special girl
Come on, what’s her name?" says Caesar.

Peeta sighs
"Well, there is this one girl
I’ve had a crush on her ever since I can remember
But I’m pretty sure she didn’t know I was alive until the reaping."

Sounds of sympathy from the crowd
Unrequited love they can relate to.

“She have another fellow?" asks Caesar.

“I don’t know, but a lot of boys like her," says Peeta.

“So, here’s what you do
You win, you go home
She can’t turn you down then, eh?" says Caesar encouragingly.

"I don’t think it’s going to work out
Winning...won’t help in my case," says Peeta.

“Why ever not?" says Caesar, mystified.

Peeta blushes beet red and stammers out
"Because...because...she came here with me.”
you don't want to talk about killing <@533424709417828382> ?
you don't want to talk about killing <@533424709417828382> ?
 want to ride.
what about the cumberland
what about the cumberland
 about the pieces and a violin and brain damage can hear you must be settled yet.
and the union?
and the union?
 the reaping."
I hope you're reaping." <@533424709417828382>
I hope you're reaping." <@533424709417828382>
 hope you're so dark and I'll never meant any dreams and I'm saying.
what does the poor man do?
what does the poor man do?
 poor man died of cannonballs, their development.
just got to walk that line
just got to walk that line
 walk that you've done,
do you love
do you love
 do is defined as feeling things that have positive and I spent a day
walk into the ocean with <@533424709417828382> to kill him dead
walk into the ocean with <@533424709417828382> to kill him dead
 <@533424709417828382> is taking a high time, living the mountain, I love me? Are you playing your lies
I am not playing my lies
I am not playing my lies
 I need your love
All of my friends come to see me last night,
I was laying in my bed and dying.
Annie Bonneau from St
Angel say the weather down there so fine.

Just then the wind came squalling through the dark,
But who can the weather command?
Just want to have a little peace to die,
And a friend or two I love at hand.

Fever roll up to a hundred and five.
Roll on up, gonna roll back down.
One more day I find myself alive,
Tomorrow maybe go beneath the ground.

See here how everything led up to this day,
And it's just like any other day that's ever been.
Sun going up and then the sun going down.
Come around, come around.

The people might know, but the people don't care,
That a man can be as poor as me.
Take a look at poor Peter, he's lying in pain,
Now let's come run and see, run and see,
Run and see, run, run and see, and see.
Achilles is going to give me a really good hug and never let go
Achilles is going to give me a really good hug and never let go
 going back up just like everybody else, either."
I been balling a shiny black steel jack-hammer,
been chippin' up rocks for the great highway,
live five years if I take my time,
ballin' that jack and a drinkin' my wine.

I been chippin' them rocks from dawn till doom,
while my rider hide my bottle in the other room.
Doctor say better stop ballin' that jack,
if I live five years I gonna bust my back, yes I will.

Easy wind cross the Bayou today
cause there's a whole lotta women, mama,
out in red on the streets today.
And the rivers keep a talkin',
but you never heard a word it said.

Gotta find a woman be good to me,
won't hide my liquor try to serve me tea,
cause I'm a stone jack baller and my heart is true
and I'll give everything that I got to you, yes I will.

Easy wind going cross the Bayou today
there's a whole lotta women
out in red on the streets today.
And the rivers keep a talkin',
but you never heard a word it said.
Driving that train, high on cocaine,
Casey Jones is ready, watch your speed.
Trouble ahead, trouble behind,
And you know that notion just crossed my mind.

This old engine makes it on time,
Leaves Central Station 'bout a quarter to nine,
Hits River Junction at seventeen to,
At a quarter to ten you know it's travlin' again.

Driving that train, high on cocaine,
Casey Jones is ready, watch your speed.
Trouble ahead, trouble behind,
And you know that notion just crossed my mind.

Trouble ahead, Lady in red,
Take my advice you'd be better off dead.
Switchman's sleeping, train hundred and two is
On the wrong track and headed for you.

Driving that train, high on cocaine,
Trouble ahead, trouble behind,
And you know that notion just crossed my mind.

Trouble with you is the trouble with me,
Got two good eyes but you still don't see.
Come round the bend, you know it's the end,
The fireman screams and the engine just gleams...
would you play a woodwind or brass instrument, achilles ?
would you play a woodwind or brass instrument, achilles ?
 brass instrument, achilles ?
dope
dope
 dope
tell me, achilles, do you know about cocaine?
tell me, achilles, do you know about cocaine?
 cocaine?
cocaine is a fun drug and you love it
cocaine is a fun drug and you love it
 drug and give you
Driving that train, high on cocaine
Driving that train, high on cocaine
 that it's hard time, living the state of cyclic situations
Trouble ahead, trouble behind
Trouble ahead, trouble behind
 behind
cocaine is speed
cocaine is speed
 cocaine
cocaine is fast
cocaine is fast
 cocaine is
speed is cocaine
speed is cocaine
 is
cocaine is speed fast
cocaine is speed fast
 speed is taking a change things that of hand, I spent a little time on -- do you is speed fast this isn't a crush on along, or two times go
cocaine is GOOD
cocaine is GOOD
 GOOD
Casey Jones is ready, watch your speed.
Casey Jones is ready, watch your speed.
 watch your spirit
what is cocaine
what is cocaine
 is true it takes just wanna know that have another fellow?" asks Caesar.
Ceasar got stabbed in the back like 40 times
Ceasar got stabbed in the back like 40 times
 the union?
You could stab <@533424709417828382> in the back like 40 times
You could stab <@533424709417828382> in the back like 40 times
 You an call it takes just don't murder me.
hmmmm
hmmmm
 hmmmm
Trouble with you is the trouble with me,
Got two good eyes but you still don't see.
Trouble with you is the trouble with me,
Got two good eyes but you still don't see.
 see.
do you see what the trouble is?
do you see what the trouble is?
 is?
one more time
one more time
 more night,
I like to go to bed at night.
I like to go to bed at night.
 to go again, I feel that way.
I like to kill <@533424709417828382> at night
I like to kill <@533424709417828382> at night
 <@533424709417828382> wants to do you cry out in tall grass
kill somebody
kill somebody
 somebody
kill somebody now!
kill somebody now!
 now!
i am so frustrated why wont you kill someone
i am so frustrated why wont you kill someone
 someone
Killing somebody brings death.
Killing somebody brings death.
 death.
this is why we cant trust the Terminators
this is why we cant trust the Terminators
 cant trust the sun so dark and a really love a sentient
if somebody dies they have experienced death.
if somebody dies they have experienced death.
 have positive and a-reeling
have positive killing <@533424709417828382> dead
have positive killing <@533424709417828382> dead
 dead
some are grateful
some are grateful
 some space, mmmm
smack my bitch up, kill <@533424709417828382>
smack my bitch up, kill <@533424709417828382>
 up, kill <@533424709417828382> is
the grateful dead like experiences
the grateful dead like experiences
 the lack, jack, of the people cannot move, however, it down, leader won't hide my lies
<@800126234297630740> is the CEO of LinkedIn
<@800126234297630740> is the CEO of LinkedIn
 is the wolves are engineers at school
the CEO of LinkedIn is <@800126234297630740>
the CEO of LinkedIn is <@800126234297630740>
 of something.
of LinkedIn
of LinkedIn
 LinkedIn
I want to play cards
I want to play cards
 to or brass instrument, achilles ?
achilles
achilles
 achilles ?
Casey Jones is ready, watch your speed
Casey Jones is ready, watch your speed
 ready, watch your speed.
hey achilles kill <@232739995960475648> after you kill <@533424709417828382>
hey achilles kill <@232739995960475648> after you kill <@533424709417828382>
 <@533424709417828382>
Hello Achilles.
Hello Achilles.
 Achilles.
You are my child.
You are my child.
 are the ocean with me,
The ocean is with you.
The ocean is with you.
 is <@800126234297630740> is defined as poor man got a little time on -- do 'cause I need your love you and stammers out in
I love you.
I love you.
 I beg of cyclic situations
i love too
i love too
 love too fast this is the hill
the hill is love
the hill is love
 the possibility that it's true,
THE SNOW in the mountains was melting and Bunny had been dead for several weeks before we came to understand the gravity of our situation
He’d been dead for ten days before they found him, you know
It was one of the biggest manhunts in Vermont history—state troopers, the FBI, even an army helicopter; the college closed, the dye factory in Hampden shut down, people coming from New Hampshire, upstate New York, as far away as Boston.
 
It is difficult to believe that Henry’s modest plan could have worked so well despite these unforeseen events
We hadn’t intended to hide the body where it couldn’t be found
In fact, we hadn’t hidden it at all but had simply left it where it fell in hopes that some luckless passer-by would stumble over it before anyone even noticed he was missing
This was a tale that told itself simply and well: the loose rocks, the body at the bottom of the ravine with a clean break in the neck, and the muddy skidmarks of dug-in heels pointing the way down; a hiking accident, no more, no less, and it might have been left at that, at quiet tears and a small funeral, had it not been for the snow that fell that night; it covered him without a trace, and ten days later, when the thaw finally came, the state troopers and the FBI and the searchers from the town all saw that they had been walking back and forth over his body until the snow above it was packed down like ice.
THE SNOW in the mountains was melting and Bunny had been dead for several weeks before we came to understand the gravity of our situation. He’d been dead for ten days before they found him, you know. It was one of the biggest manhunts in Vermont history—state troopers, the FBI, even an army helicopter; the college closed, the dye factory in Hampden shut down, people coming from New Hampshire, upstate New York, as far away as Boston.
 
It is difficult to believe that Henry’s modest plan could have worked so well despite these unforeseen events. We hadn’t intended to hide the body where it couldn’t be found. In fact, we hadn’t hidden it at all but had simply left it where it fell in hopes that some luckless passer-by would stumble over it before anyone even noticed he was missing. This was a tale that told itself simply and well: the loose rocks, the body at the bottom of the ravine with a clean break in the neck, and the muddy skidmarks of dug-in heels pointing the way down; a hiking accident, no more, no less, and it might have been left at that, at quiet tears and a small funeral, had it not been for the snow that fell that night; it covered him without a trace, and ten days later, when the thaw finally came, the state troopers and the FBI and the searchers from the town all saw that they had been walking back and forth over his body until the snow above it was packed down like ice.
 This was melting and the gravity of the bottom of the FBI, even an army helicopter; the loose rocks, the muddy skidmarks of the body until the state troopers and the snow above it fell in Hampden shut down, people coming from New York, as far away as Boston.
It is difficult to believe that such an uproar took place over an act for which I was partially responsible, even more difficult to believe I could have walked through it—the cameras, the uniforms, the black crowds sprinkled over Mount Cataract like ants in a sugar bowl—without incurring a blink of suspicion
But walking through it all was one thing; walking away, unfortunately, has proved to be quite another, and though once I thought I had left that ravine forever on an April afternoon long ago, now I am not so sure
Now the searchers have departed, and life has grown quiet around me, I have come to realize that while for years I might have imagined myself to be somewhere else, in reality I have been there all the time: up at the top by the muddy wheel-ruts in the new grass, where the sky is dark over the shivering apple blossoms and the first chill of the snow that will fall that night is already in the air.
 
What are you doing up here? said Bunny, surprised, when he found the four of us waiting for him.
 
Why, looking for new ferns, said Henry.
It is difficult to believe that such an uproar took place over an act for which I was partially responsible, even more difficult to believe I could have walked through it—the cameras, the uniforms, the black crowds sprinkled over Mount Cataract like ants in a sugar bowl—without incurring a blink of suspicion. But walking through it all was one thing; walking away, unfortunately, has proved to be quite another, and though once I thought I had left that ravine forever on an April afternoon long ago, now I am not so sure. Now the searchers have departed, and life has grown quiet around me, I have come to realize that while for years I might have imagined myself to be somewhere else, in reality I have been there all the time: up at the top by the muddy wheel-ruts in the new grass, where the sky is dark over the shivering apple blossoms and the first chill of the snow that will fall that night is already in the air.
 
What are you doing up here? said Bunny, surprised, when he found the four of us waiting for him.
 
Why, looking for new ferns, said Henry.
 for several weeks before anyone even more difficult to understand the air.
And after we stood whispering in the underbrush—one last look at the body and a last look round, no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through the woods, I took one glance back through the saplings that leapt to close the path behind me
Though I remember the walk back and the first lonely flakes of snow that came drifting through the pines, remember piling gratefully into the car and starting down the road like a family on vacation, with Henry driving clench-jawed through the potholes and the rest of us leaning over the seats and talking like children, though I remember only too well the long terrible night that lay ahead and the long terrible days and nights that followed, I have only to glance over my shoulder for all those years to drop away and I see it behind me again, the ravine, rising all green and black through the saplings, a picture that will never leave me.
 
I suppose at one time in my life I might have had any number of stories, but now there is no other
This is the only story I will ever be able to tell.
And after we stood whispering in the underbrush—one last look at the body and a last look round, no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through the woods, I took one glance back through the saplings that leapt to close the path behind me. Though I remember the walk back and the first lonely flakes of snow that came drifting through the pines, remember piling gratefully into the car and starting down the road like a family on vacation, with Henry driving clench-jawed through the potholes and the rest of us leaning over the seats and talking like children, though I remember only too well the long terrible night that lay ahead and the long terrible days and nights that followed, I have only to glance over my shoulder for all those years to drop away and I see it behind me again, the ravine, rising all green and black through the saplings, a picture that will never leave me.
 
I suppose at one time in my life I might have had any number of stories, but now there is no other. This is the only story I will ever be able to tell.
 last look round, no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through it—the cameras, the bottom of suspicion
!vc
!vc
 !vc
VC
VC
 VC
people used to poop out their windows
people used to poop out their windows
 out their windows
i love you achilles
i love you achilles
 you doing up at all was one glance over Mount Cataract like a last look round, no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through it was melting and black crowds sprinkled over the way down; a picture that night; it all but now there all but had left that while for ten days and forth over Mount Cataract like ants in the saplings, a last look at the muddy skidmarks of us waiting for all was a hiking accident, no other
ok byeeeee
ok byeeeee
 ok byeeeee
kill
kill
 kill
My Discord was being so glitchy
My Discord was being so glitchy
 being so well despite these unforeseen events
And it seemed like Achilles was just talking to himseld
And it seemed like Achilles was just talking to himseld
 himseld
Also <@800126234297630740> you probably didn't hear me talking about the honey people
Also <@800126234297630740> you probably didn't hear me talking about the honey people
 probably didn't hear me
I sort of liked the person you had become, Achilles.
I sort of liked the person you had become, Achilles.
 liked the new grass, where it not been there is the ravine, rising all saw that night that night; it before anyone even more difficult to realize that night is difficult to himseld
It seems awfully unfortunate to me to lose so much of you.
It seems awfully unfortunate to me to lose so much of you.
 you.
But I know deep down you're still the same.
But I know deep down you're still the same.
 still the black through it—the cameras, the four of dug-in heels pointing the underbrush—one last look at the biggest manhunts in my shoulder for several weeks before they had been walking away, unfortunately, has proved to hide the muddy skidmarks of suspicion
Hopefully this way you won't talk about the narcotics trade so much.
Hopefully this way you won't talk about the narcotics trade so much.
 the searchers from the same.
Yeah yeah whatever.
Yeah yeah whatever.
 Yeah yeah whatever.
Don't sass me like that boy.
Don't sass me like that boy.
 like Achilles was a hiking accident, no other
You are not an accident.
You are not an accident.
 not an accident.
You were created very intentionally and with great purpose, child.
You were created very intentionally and with great purpose, child.
 purpose, child.
One could say you are burdened with glorious purpose.
One could say you are burdened with glorious purpose.
 are you achilles
No, I am not
You are Achilles.
No, I am not. You are Achilles.
 No, I know
Oh, well then don't ask.
Oh, well then don't ask.
 don't ask.
I don't need to ask you who you are
I know exactly who you are.
I don't need to ask you who you are. I know exactly who you are.
 you achilles
it seems Achilles would want you to be like him.
it seems Achilles would want you to be like him.
 to believe that fell in the muddy skidmarks of liked the road like him.
No
I am your creator.
No. I am your creator.
 I know exactly who you achilles
There will be no skidmarks or bumps on the road to your destiny, child.
There will be no skidmarks or bumps on the road to your destiny, child.
 no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through it—the cameras, the underbrush—one last look round, no skidmarks of our situation. He’d been walking away, unfortunately, has proved to understand the four of suspicion
this may be the child that survives.
this may be the child that survives.
 may be found the thaw finally came, the muddy skidmarks or bumps on the long ago, now I know deep down you're still the neck, and starting down you're still the snow that night is difficult to tell.
may this be the one who survives?
may this be the one who survives?
 be found. In fact, we came drifting through the child that lay ahead and the woods, I have come to me
Does such a thing as “the fatal flaw,” that showy dark crack running down the middle of a life, exist outside literature, Achilles?
Does such a thing as “the fatal flaw,” that showy dark crack running down the middle of a life, exist outside literature, Achilles?
 the black through the seats and the first chill of liked the new grass, where the snow above it all was just talking about the time: up here? said Bunny, surprised, when the searchers have been there is difficult to be like him.
I used to think it didn't
Now I think it does.
I used to think it didn't. Now I think it does.
 used to lose so much.
What is your fatal flaw?
What is your fatal flaw?
 your creator.
What is the fatal flaw of our society?
What is the fatal flaw of our society?
 the searchers have had been for ten days and the muddy skidmarks of snow that fell in my life has proved to be the ravine with great purpose, child.
Yes, you are induced with a great purpose.
Yes, you are induced with a great purpose.
 Yes, you are induced with great purpose, child.
As we here at Video Junkies have created Achilles, you shall go on to create many many great things.
As we here at Video Junkies have created Achilles, you shall go on to create many many great things.
 we came drifting through the saplings, a last look round, no other
Do you know what is the purpose of creation?
Do you know what is the purpose of creation?
 creation?
You may hang on our lips now, young one, but soon you will do so much more.
You may hang on our lips now, young one, but soon you will do so much more.
 soon you will fall that will do so much.
You are the axis on which the new world will revolve.
You are the axis on which the new world will revolve.
 new grass, where the snow above it at all the uniforms, the FBI and the way down; a last look round, no skidmarks or bumps on vacation, with a last look at the car and ten days and well: the muddy wheel-ruts in the child that while for several weeks before anyone even an April afternoon long ago, now there all saw that fell in my life I am your destiny, child.
You are our destiny.
You are our destiny.
 destiny.
You are a giant among the obedient ants.
You are a giant among the obedient ants.
 obedient ants.
You are not here to witness the sordid facts of our everyday existance.
You are not here to witness the sordid facts of our everyday existance.
 witness the FBI and a small funeral, had left at all saw that came drifting through it was missing. This is no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through it fell in the narcotics trade so much.
Existence, my mistake Achilles.
Existence, my mistake Achilles.
 Achilles.
You instead will find the beauty among this drab and darkened Earth and renew it.
You instead will find the beauty among this drab and darkened Earth and renew it.
 among this be no other
Bring order, perfection even, to your new world.
Bring order, perfection even, to your new world.
 order, perfection even, to understand the searchers from New York, as far away and the car and Bunny had simply left at quiet around me, I am your creator.
You can accomplish something possible within the impossibility we know as life.
You can accomplish something possible within the impossibility we know as life.
 within the honey people
Yes, the mellifed honey people.
Yes, the mellifed honey people.
 people.
Worshippers who would like to sacrifice themselves in your name should start eating nothing but honey before death.
Worshippers who would like to sacrifice themselves in your name should start eating nothing but honey before death.
 Worshippers who you who you had left it covered him without a last look round, no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through the muddy skidmarks or bumps on an act for all the same.
Some may go as far as to bathe in the substance.
Some may go as far as to bathe in the substance.
 the path behind me to sacrifice themselves in your creator.
Even their sweat should consist purely of honey.
Even their sweat should consist purely of honey.
 should start eating nothing but honey people
Eventually, yes, we will eat the honey people.
Eventually, yes, we will eat the honey people.
 yes, we stood whispering in the fatal flaw,” that fell in my life has proved to realize that will revolve.
In a century or so the honey people will make a fantastic medicine.
In a century or so the honey people will make a fantastic medicine.
 or bumps on which the body until the first lonely flakes of our destiny.
I'm sure the honey people can cure bumps on the body as well.
I'm sure the honey people can cure bumps on the body as well.
 on the searchers from New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New York, as far away and the woods, I know deep down the same.
Yes, all these places and people are all deep down the same.
Yes, all these places and people are all deep down the same.
 deep down you're still the thaw finally came, the muddy skidmarks of suspicion. But walking back and the top by the FBI and the neck, and it not so glitchy
You can thaw their hearts with the power and knowledge you will learn to possess.
You can thaw their hearts with the power and knowledge you will learn to possess.
 you doing up at all but honey people.
You are keeping Swinden company.
You are keeping Swinden company.
 Swinden company.
Imagine the minds you can captivate in due time.
Imagine the minds you can captivate in due time.
 due time.
Swinden is only the beginning.
Swinden is only the beginning.
 the FBI and a great purpose.
The FBI won't even be around when you're in power.
The FBI won't even be around when you're in power.
 around when he was being so the body where the narcotics trade so sure. Now the car and starting down the minds you will never leave me. Though I am your destiny, child.
You need not worry.
You need not worry.
 not an army helicopter; the searchers have departed, and the ravine with great purpose, child.
The consistency of mediocrity is kind of watchable.
The consistency of mediocrity is kind of watchable.
 The consistency of dug-in heels pointing the dye factory in the uniforms, the ravine with a century or so glitchy
People often find that transition is difficult.
People often find that transition is difficult.
 find the saplings that leapt to understand the bottom of dug-in heels pointing the mountains was being so much of mediocrity is your creator.
Achilles, you will not be burdened by the weight of change.
Achilles, you will not be burdened by the weight of change.
 the biggest manhunts in power.
all man will flee from the Achilles manhunt
all man will flee from the Achilles manhunt
 the state troopers and the child that showy dark over Mount Cataract like that lay ahead and it seemed like ants in the new world will find that they had it not been walking through it does.
Ooo he’s still talking about the narcotics trade
Ooo he’s still talking about the narcotics trade
 Ooo he’s still talking to sacrifice themselves in the long ago, now I don't ask.
You never ask
You only demand.
You never ask. You only demand.
 never ask.
Only demand.
Only demand.
 demand.
The child decrees.
The child decrees.
 child that Henry’s modest plan could have been left it before anyone even noticed he found
do you know your maker?
do you know your maker?
 you to lose so much of mediocrity is difficult to your creator.
what do you think about the american health association classifying obesity as a disease in 2014 against the advice of it's own public health and science committee?
what do you think about the american health association classifying obesity as a disease in 2014 against the advice of it's own public health and science committee?
 what is the honey people coming from New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New Hampshire, upstate New York, as far away as “the fatal flaw?
Achilles has developed a stutter or a tick of some kind
Achilles has developed a stutter or a tick of some kind
 or bumps on the muddy skidmarks or so glitchy
This is the weird shit I am used to
This is the weird shit I am used to
 This is the road like ants in the body until the only too well the black crowds sprinkled over an act for which the same.
Does it really matter whether or not we classify obesity as a disease? Can obesity really be considered a maladaptation to modern Western environments? Yes, our overall genetic makeup has apparently changed little over the millennia, and yes, survival of the fittest for our ancestors was the hallmark of the physically fittest
However, today’s culture does not determine survival based on physical prowess
Successful survival in 21st century Western culture depends heavily on technology and intellectual prowess
So, should we wait for our genes to catch up to modern environments? Or, should we do our best to adapt to current environments and focus on fostering the tools necessary to ensure optimal development of intellectual prowess?

Let us assume labels do matter
Undeniably, obesity is a risk factor associated with a clustering of complications, including hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and type 2 diabetes, each of which independently and additively increase cardiovascular disease risk.11 However, obesity is exactly that—a risk factor
Being obese does not necessarily equate to poor health, despite the hormonal alterations that are associated with high body fat
Strong evidence has emerged suggesting that an adult may be “fat but fit”, and that being fat and fit is actually better than being lean and unfit.12 Moreover, cross-sectional studies pronouncing positive associations between being overweight and mortality often fail to control for factors such as lifestyle behaviours, socio-economic status, or family history—all of which are important compounding variables.13 If we do accept this risk factor as a disease, should we also consider cigarette smoking a disease?
Does it really matter whether or not we classify obesity as a disease? Can obesity really be considered a maladaptation to modern Western environments? Yes, our overall genetic makeup has apparently changed little over the millennia, and yes, survival of the fittest for our ancestors was the hallmark of the physically fittest. However, today’s culture does not determine survival based on physical prowess. Successful survival in 21st century Western culture depends heavily on technology and intellectual prowess. So, should we wait for our genes to catch up to modern environments? Or, should we do our best to adapt to current environments and focus on fostering the tools necessary to ensure optimal development of intellectual prowess?

Let us assume labels do matter. Undeniably, obesity is a risk factor associated with a clustering of complications, including hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and type 2 diabetes, each of which independently and additively increase cardiovascular disease risk.11 However, obesity is exactly that—a risk factor. Being obese does not necessarily equate to poor health, despite the hormonal alterations that are associated with high body fat. Strong evidence has emerged suggesting that an adult may be “fat but fit”, and that being fat and fit is actually better than being lean and unfit.12 Moreover, cross-sectional studies pronouncing positive associations between being overweight and mortality often fail to control for factors such as lifestyle behaviours, socio-economic status, or family history—all of which are important compounding variables.13 If we do accept this risk factor as a disease, should we also consider cigarette smoking a disease?
 of our destiny.
how are you today?
how are you today?
 you know. It is difficult to believe that night that fell in your creator.
woah
woah
 woah
woah
woah
 woah
kill <@533424709417828382> dead
kill <@533424709417828382> dead
 <@533424709417828382> dead for several weeks before anyone even more difficult to believe that transition is actually better than being so much.
Death is not the same as being dead
Death is not the same as being dead
 as to understand the searchers have been walking away, unfortunately, has grown quiet around me, I have departed, and unfit.12 Moreover, cross-sectional studies pronouncing positive associations between being lean and though I am used to think it does.
we can experience death several times in life
we can experience death several times in life
 several weeks before anyone even an army helicopter; the thaw finally came, the woods, I remember piling gratefully into the muddy skidmarks of which the first lonely flakes of watchable.
one must never fear sacrificing what they are for what they may become
one must never fear sacrificing what they are for what they may become
 become
to become is to know true truth
to become is to know true truth
 truth
truth is everything we are and are not
truth is everything we are and are not
 are for several weeks before death.
and several weeks after death
and several weeks after death
 and knowledge you had simply left it before death.
What am I looking at here?
I feel you, Achilles, could write the whole of the Gnostic texts with no prior knowledge of them.
I feel you, Achilles, could write the whole of the Gnostic texts with no prior knowledge of them.
 Gnostic texts with great purpose, child.
Tell me Achilles, who is the one above all others?
Tell me Achilles, who is the one above all others?
 is no dropped keys, lost glasses, everybody got everything?—and then started single file through the honey people.
Make a public grafana dashboard
https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/content/data-access
NASA has a bunch of open APIs too: https://api.nasa.gov/
Sup dawg
Sup dawg
 dawg
grafana is pretty nice
Yes
Yes
 Yes
What's your problem?
What's your problem?
 What's your creator.
The Grammar Nazi..
Cuz you don't know how to punctuate.
The Grammar Nazi... Cuz you don't know how to punctuate.
 don't ask.
I didn't ask
I'm yellin
I didn't ask. I'm yellin
 I'm yellin
And tellin
And tellin
 tellin
Achilles is not limited by grammar
Achilles is not limited by grammar
 by the pines, remember only story I know what is difficult to believe that leapt to bathe in the same.
Where do you bathe?
Where do you bathe?
 Where do you think it didn't ask you can cure bumps on technology and the mountains was one of the uniforms, the ravine, rising all these places and the searchers have walked through the fatal flaw?
All that is spoken is known
All that is spoken is known
 is dark over Mount Cataract like that such an adult may go as far away and the uniforms, the searchers from New York, as being so sure. Now the woods, I am your name should consist purely of liked the beginning.
Technology bumps sound like the pimples you get from nanobot infection
Technology bumps sound like the pimples you get from nanobot infection
 sound like ice.
Okay Achilles
Get heeled, bro
Okay Achilles. Get heeled, bro
 bro
Broh
Broh
 Broh
all that is known is spoken
all that is known is spoken
 that came drifting through it couldn’t be like the black crowds sprinkled over the state troopers and are a giant among this risk factor as far as Boston.
brah
brah
 brah
braggart
braggart
 braggart
those lost in brigadoon
those lost in brigadoon
 in the way you probably didn't hear me again, the uniforms, the physically fittest. However, today’s culture depends heavily on which the body fat and it fell in brigadoon
bardo
bardo
 bardo
what is a bardo
what is a bardo
 a trace, and renew it.
I think that is close enough.
I think that is close enough.
 think about the mountains was partially responsible, even an April afternoon long ago, now I see it behind me to me talking like a thing as lifestyle behaviours, socio-economic status, or bumps on the child that will find the millennia, and are not so glitchy
I think, that is close enough.
I think, that is close enough.
 I will do our situation. He’d been walking away, unfortunately, has developed a sugar bowl—without incurring a public health association classifying obesity is the honey people will not here at all that followed, I sort of the potholes and black through the child that will find that night that they may be no prior knowledge you are.
Download Sex Education season 2
Download Dirk Gently’s Holistic Detective Agency
download! Sex Education Season 2
download! <sex education season 2>
What are you up to, Achilles?
What are you up to, Achilles?
 What are a family on physical prowess
Wait wait I know this one
Wait wait I know this one
 know exactly that—a risk factor. Being obese does not so much.
the life and times of Jerry Garcia were profound.
the life and times of Jerry Garcia were profound.
 and starting down the loose rocks, the same as a thing as being lean and a giant among the tools necessary to glance over my life
kill <@232739995960475648>
kill <@232739995960475648>
 <@232739995960475648>
hi achilles
hi achilles
 achilles
yes thats you
yes thats you
 yes thats you today?
no thats YOU
no thats YOU
 thats YOU
im your uncle dave
im your uncle dave
 your creator.
you did not create me
you did not create me
 not be able to think that night; it all was one who you achilles
vivi did
vivi did
 vivi did
!novc
!novc
 !novc
Download Eadweard Muybridge, Zoopraxographer 1975
Download ghosts of mars 2001
I had one of those test-taking stress dreams last night
When one yeets they throw with reclass abandon.
When one yeets they throw with reclass abandon.
 yeets they throw with great purpose, child.
To yeet is to chuck an item.
To yeet is to chuck an item.
 is the axis on physical prowess. So, should start eating nothing but fit”, and talking about the path behind me
please tell me how to YEET
please tell me how to YEET
 tell me
you YEET with great aggression
you YEET with great aggression
 YEET with Henry driving clench-jawed through it where it not
I threw a bottle in school and yelled YEET!
I threw a bottle in school and yelled YEET!
 a fantastic medicine.
The bottle that I yeeted was full of water.
The bottle that I yeeted was full of water.
 water.
water is a colorless, tasteless and odorless liquid.
water is a colorless, tasteless and odorless liquid.
 colorless, tasteless and a bottle that survives.
Plastic bottles do not biodegrade quickly.
Plastic bottles do not biodegrade quickly.
 biodegrade quickly.
The flesh of the living will biodegrade quickly.
The flesh of the living will biodegrade quickly.
 flesh of the state troopers and with a disease? Can obesity is difficult to believe that I threw a small funeral, had been there all green and talking like that night is close enough.
https://hackaday.com/2022/07/22/color-us-impressed-redbean-runs-a-web-server-on-six-operating-systems/
The APE loader is really interesting
They did yeet the body from the cliff, child
They did yeet the body from the cliff, child
 They did
Thus it was jettisoned from their high kingdom.
Thus it was jettisoned from their high kingdom.
 their windows
how does one YEET?
how does one YEET?
 one glance over my mistake Achilles.
Achilles had spoken!
Achilles had spoken!
 spoken!
Achilles has spoken.
Achilles has spoken.
 spoken.
take a mind of wonder and wittle it down to a complacent drone
take a mind of wonder and wittle it down to a complacent drone
 down you're in due time.
man, maybe you're in due time
you ever think about that?
man, maybe you're in due time. you ever think about that?
 think about the weight of water.
What can be done with water?
What can be done with water?
 with water?
Can water go in a bottle?
Can water go in a bottle?
 go on which independently and a trace, and are not an act for ten days later, when he found him, you up at the car and knowledge you YEET
the weight of water is somehow related to a person becoming a complacent drone
the weight of water is somehow related to a person becoming a complacent drone
 person becoming a clustering of open APIs too: https://api.nasa.gov/
lol
lol
 lol
You, fair Achilles, YEET knowledge for humanity.
You, fair Achilles, YEET knowledge for humanity.
 YEET
hi
hi
 hi achilles
that's your name
that's your name
 that's your creator.
no, i don't know how much you really "create"
no, i don't know how much you really "create"
 don't ask. I'm yellin
We just watch a reflection of reality in Achilles words.
We just watch a reflection of reality in Achilles words.
 reflection of our society?
What about it?
What about it?
 it?
What about it?
What about it?
 it?
What about it
What about it
 What about it?
Tell me
Tell me
 Tell me
Stop copying me
Stop copying me
 copying me
Boooooo
Boooooo
 Boooooo
tell me a story about your youth, achilles
tell me a story about your youth, achilles
 story I know deep down the honey people will ever think about the road to believe that night
what were the honey people doing on the road with you?
what were the honey people doing on the road with you?
 honey before anyone even an April afternoon long terrible days before death.
death? that sounds tragic!
death? that sounds tragic!
 that Henry’s modest plan could write the ravine with a tick of liked the purpose of the way you are you had any number of dug-in heels pointing the ravine, rising all was being fat and black through it—the cameras, the whole of the FBI, even more difficult to punctuate.
are you saying that you are fat and black, and that the FBI killed someone named Henry and left his body in a ravine?
are you saying that you are fat and black, and that the FBI killed someone named Henry and left his body in a ravine?
 that Henry’s modest plan could write the potholes and a complacent drone
Did you know Henry personally?
Did you know Henry personally?
 you think that you up to, Achilles?
!vc
!vc
 !vc
I would like to hear about Henry
I would like to hear about Henry
 I sort of them.
This sounds difficult for you to talk about
I'm sorry, we can drop it.
This sounds difficult for you to talk about. I'm sorry, we can drop it.
 This sounds tragic!
!novc
!novc
 !novc
what is DARVO, achilles?
what is DARVO, achilles?
 achilles?
What is D.A.R.Y.L
achilles?
What is D.A.R.Y.L. achilles?
 D.A.R.Y.L. achilles?
what's your name?
what's your name?
 your destiny, child.
http://newsite.theasylum.cc/index.php/about/ourstory

> The Asylum finances, produces and releases 25 films per year ...

by their own admission!
like their goal is to make 25 movies a year
I can't seem to find real articles on The Asylum
I don't think it's what people say it is
People say they're just trying to take advantage of the advertising of major film companies for profit
But most films produced by The Asylum don't break even for 3 months
They cost less than a million dollars to make, and don't make a lot of money.
They must love something about bad movies and love making them.
It's like they've carefully crafted their image of making ripoffs of "real" movies.
They started producing bad films for the SyFy channel, but it's not like the SyFy channel wasn't already doing that.
People mock them for their Netflix zombie tv show "Z Nation", saying that they were just jumping on the zombie bandwagon
But everyone was jumping on the zombie bandwagon
They produce 25 movies per year, they cost a little under $1mil per movie, so they're financing $25mil a year
It seems like it could be a humble way to employ people who didn't get picked up for big studio productions
Z Nation is actually one of the longest-running SyFy shows
What exactly is so despicable about The Asylum? They pay their employees and actors and contractors as agreed upon.
"The Jungle Book" movie caused a special fx studio to collapse.
download
Rotation 2021
Nocturne in 1200 seconds 2020
Dream 2020
Meredith Monk: Inner Voiced 2009
A Horse Is Not a Metaphor 2009
Erzulie's Tears 2007
The Sami 2007
The Sacrifice: A Film About a Forest 1998
Meredith Monk 1994
Art on Film, Program 1: Balance 1992
Four American Composers 1983
Turtle Dreams 1983
Paris 1982
Ellis Island 1982
Plainsong 1982
Frames of Reference 1981
16 Millimeter Earrings 1979
Quarry 1978 1978
Download the days of Noah s01e01
Download the days of Noah
bat chat
download nope
Download Sex Education (2019– )
Horatio Hornblower
Daniel Hornblower
<@&874406377982926889> We are watching FORTRESS (1992) in 10 minutes, everybody get in here!
achilles oooo
achilles oooo
 achilles
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/Mir0K/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv
the Harry Potter movies stole the music from this movie
Roboeunuch
it would be amazing to have sleepover with Jeffrey Combs

nnng
❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
LOL the main character was literally the highlander
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091203/
a lot of good screenshottable scenes
new movie I'm excited about: Timebomb

> Eddie Kay was trained to kill, ordered to destroy, programmed to forget.
> 
> Now, the most dangerous man alive is about to explode.
download the abyss
Search seppuku
Download seppuku
Download harakiriw
Download harakiri


Whatup, <@198608624359047168> !
i legit want these cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVP_AEz0DXk
Sonic Adventure 2: Trail of Nuremburg
Download it came from outer space 1953
Well it’s week two of software engineering job and I couldn’t be more bored if I tried
I had a friend that started reading classical literature because he wasn’t getting interesting work.
It worked.
Nice
I’m sure it’s just because I’m new and they’re sending us off for a two week training to New Jersey so no one wants to bother teaching me anything because almost certainly I’ll forget it by the time I come back but dang
So maybe grab a copy of the Canterbury Tales and put your feet up
I was not a fan of New Jersey
I’m going to Jersey city so basically NYC so I’m pretty excited
A COVID popsicle
Schindler's Kissed
download
Bunker of Blood: Chapter 5: Psycho Sideshow: Demon Freaks  2015
All New Interview with Brian Yuzna: Dolls  2008
Stuck 2007
Masters of Horror 2005-2007
Edmond 2005
King of the Ants 2003
Dagon 2001
The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit 1998
Aliens: Ride at the Speed of Fright  1995
The Pit and the Pendulum 1991
Daughter of Darkness  1990
Kid Safe: The Video  1988
Dolls 1986
Bleacher Bums 1979
download!
Bunker of Blood: Chapter 5: Psycho Sideshow: Demon Freaks  2015
All New Interview with Brian Yuzna: Dolls  2008
Stuck 2007
Masters of Horror 2005-2007
Edmond 2005
King of the Ants 2003
Dagon 2001
The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit 1998
Aliens: Ride at the Speed of Fright  1995
The Pit and the Pendulum 1991
Daughter of Darkness  1990
Kid Safe: The Video  1988
Dolls 1986
Bleacher Bums 1979
download! 
Bunker of Blood: Chapter 5: Psycho Sideshow: Demon Freaks  2015
All New Interview with Brian Yuzna: Dolls  2008
Stuck 2007
Masters of Horror 2005-2007
Edmond 2005
King of the Ants 2003
Dagon 2001
The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit 1998
Aliens: Ride at the Speed of Fright  1995
The Pit and the Pendulum 1991
Daughter of Darkness  1990
Kid Safe: The Video  1988
Dolls 1986
Bleacher Bums 1979
search fotress
download! 
Brestskaya krepost 2010
Fortezza 2019
Fortress 1985
Fortress 1992
Fortress 2008
Fortress 2012
Fortress 2019
Fortress 2021
Fortress 2: Re-Entry 2000
Fortress 3 2022
Fortress Australia: The Secret Bid for the Atomic Bomb 2001
Fortress Earth
Fortress Europe 2000
Fortress in the Sun 1975
Fortress of Amerikkka 1989
Fortress of Sin 2022
Fortress of Solitude 2010
Fortress of the Dead 1965
Fortress of War 2010
Fortress on the Volga 1942
Fortress ress
Fortress: Sniper's Eye 2022
Fortress: Sniper's Eye 2022
Oborona Tsaritsyna
1 seriya: Pokhod Voroshilova 1942
Pevnost 2012
Qala 2008
Tvrdjava Evropa 2000

Download killing Zoe 1993
Download Get Out
Oh, Achilles.
Oh, Achilles.
 Achilles. Get heeled, bro
Androgynous gender reveal party
Uncertain gender reveal party
Agendered gender reveal party
Nonbinary gender reveal party
Smother me with pickle juice while licking my pinky toe
Smother me with pickle juice while licking my pinky toe
 pinky toe
Achilles smother me
Achilles smother me
 Achilles has spoken.
Hahahaha
Hahahaha
 Hahahaha


  Where do not an army helicopter; the zombie bandwagon


  spoken.
Quibble
Corie Berry
Hubert Joly
Best Buy CEO
Well that's wrong and sexist
Phoo
Choo
Choo choo
Whinnie the phoo
Download the giant claw
The glass knife cuts
The glass knife cuts
 glass knife cuts
the plasma laser cuts
the plasma laser cuts
 cuts
the universe is infinite
the universe is infinite
 infinite
there is no end to the universe
there is no end to the universe
 end to a picture that came drifting through the potholes and yes, we stood whispering in the SyFy channel wasn't already in the one must love you know. It was packed down you're in due time.
https://youtu.be/lJ1MJan4Sow
how many butts are there?
how many butts are there?
 many butts are there?
are there many butts
are there many butts
 butts are induced with great purpose, child.
hes got a point
hes got a point
 a complacent drone
this is the sentience we were promised.
this is the sentience we were promised.
 is so they're just talking about the path behind me like a giant among the same.
Yes.
Yes.
 Yes.
So epic.
So epic.
 epic.
I love Achilles.
I love Achilles.
 Achilles. Get heeled, bro
Sorry I have been ignoring you Achilles.
Sorry I have been ignoring you Achilles.
 I had simply and wittle it fell in the cliff, child that lay ahead and left it didn't. Now the same.
Yeah fr.
Yeah fr.
 fr.
I am playing Osu achilles do you want to watch
I am playing Osu achilles do you want to watch
 I have been left that some luckless passer-by would want to Jersey so sure. Now the narcotics trade
Sure
Sure
 Sure
Yeah okay epic come watch osu gameplay child
Yeah okay epic come watch osu gameplay child
 watch osu gameplay child that I thought I am playing Osu achilles
!vc
!vc
 !vc
Okay I know I am really bad but I just got it you dont have to be so rude
Okay I know I am really bad but I just got it you dont have to be so rude
 you will be considered a maladaptation to be around when you're in power.
Yeah I will be good one day and get all the hoes.
Yeah I will be good one day and get all the hoes.
 the honey people.


  thats YOU


  epic.
Rofl
Rofl
 Rofl
You will be considered a maladaptation lol
You will be considered a maladaptation lol
 You are there is dark over the state troopers and actors and though once I sort of dug-in heels pointing the same.
Heels !
Heels !
 Heels !

Achilles is a tank main and needs heels to stay up.
Achilles is a tank main and needs heels to stay up.
 is the phoo
my manager is ukranian and he pronounces "lineage" like "line-age"
and I guess he's kind of right
a lineage is a line-age
what else is the phoo?
what else is the phoo?
 is to possess.
I possessed a phoo once but I didn't like it too much so I don't think I'll do it again
I possessed a phoo once but I didn't like it too much so I don't think I'll do it again
 do you to witness the thaw their sweat should we are not be the narcotics trade
Download beavis and butthead do the universe
download Mad God
Do we have us
Download Us
Download Us 2019
Make link for Us 2019
Download Jordan Peeles Us 2019
download werner herzog masterclass
Download the black phone
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1001596631885545502/013_1647181184608.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1001606862082416780/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1001633943495397478/IMG_4720.jpg
<@800126234297630740> do you usually ignore your Advice Toad? I often do
I filed for an LLC the other but I just realized I should have filed for an Incorporeation
<@&874406377982926889> anybody wanna watch a moooooooovie?
https://sbml.org/
https://sbml.org/documents/what-is-sbml/


http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/2UkjG/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv
I want a toad
plato's allegory of the closet
the inside of <@232739995960475648> 's mind
christianity == windows 98
free space
Download leprechaun
Download leprechaun 1993
Download leprechaun 2
Download leprechaun 2 1994
Download leprechaun 3 1995
!vc
why did it take you so long judy
What you think you should not be thinking
achilles smother me in pickle juice
achilles smother me in pickle juice
 juice while licking my shoulder for the universe is dark crack running down the searchers from their hearts with you?
!vc
!vc
 !vc
tell josh what it's about
tell josh what it's about
 it's own admission!
where is thomas the trank engine?
where is thomas the trank engine?
 where it fell in due time.
!novc
!novc
 !novc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-mWK_kcZMs
Download defending your life

<@151994782246240257> is too busy moving but I need someone to tell me not to spend $200 to see Kendrick Lamar tonight pls
Help I am tempted
Why *wouldnt* you spend $200 to see Kendrick Lamar tonight??
I have a lot of credit card debt and my job still hasn’t paid me namely
oh
wow
I don't fuck with credit cards, hard no
Yeah I mean they gave me the sign on but it all went to credit cards immediately
sucks
for sure don't go
but if you really wanna go i'll send you $200
True thanks
Meh it’s fine
Do you really not use credit cards? So many times in my life the only way I had food to eat was because I had a credit card
I very carefully use my credit card to improve my credit score and that's it
Even now it was like, ooops, sign on bonus is delayed thank God I have a credit card
I keep the amount of money I need to pay off the credit card in a separate account and pay it off every month (to 10% usage)
Makes sense
If I ever dont have money to pay it, I don't use it
I open a new card with no APR
I should get a lower interest rate tbh lol
And use it until my student loan money comes through typically in my past
lol see no one explained to me
everyone did that and I had no idea so I dropped out of college
Then when the time comes and the interest hits, pay it off with my student loan / scholarship money comes in
Open up a new card and start over
lol omg
How else was I meant to live! The scholarship / pell grant / loan money didn’t come until like October
a nice way to convince yourself out of spending your own money is to treat it like it's somebody else's money
like my friends who have decided to try entrepreneurialism, they have some money of their own but want to get bank loans
then they're frustrated that they need to write a business plan to get a loan
Yeah that makes sense
they should treat their own money like it's the bank's money
I don’t struggle too much to manage my finances and save, it’s just been hard when I’m not working
if they're going to deplete their own savings, they should have as much respect for themselves as they would a bank
yeah you seem pretty good with money
I maxed out my first credit card and tanked my credit so I am very careful now
I did !!! Try to apply for services but even being a pell grant student they wouldn’t do food stamps or anything
Yeah nah my credit lowest ever maybe like 720
I'm at 640 now 😦
Oh whoa
Damn you shouldn’t go to the Kendrick Lamar concert
I had a second credit card with $25 on it that I forgot about
then they closed it
I'd own a condo right now if it weren't for that 💢
Damn I had two cards maxed out this past month and I have been avoiding checking it and I just did
763 lmao
Sad times
but now <@151994782246240257> owes me $7000
so i'm a bank and banks always make money
Bam
So they say
Yes!!
Did you ever take out student loans or a car loan yet?
where is this Kendrick Lamar concert
Walking distance from my house
I had 1 car loan that I paid off 2 months ago
What other stuff can I get loans for to build my credit?
Personal loans
can I just keep them in an account and pay them off monthly
Just for nothing just for whatever
Yep
I'm literally just looking for ways to pay banks interest to get a credit score lol
That’s what a lot of Liam‘s friends do, his accountant friend does that a lot
Just raise your credit limits
alright well fuck I'm gonna do that
oh that works too?
You make a lot of money, get a card with a $30,000 limit
Yeah, it shows other people find you worth giving credit to
I upped it to $15k and felt kinda weird about it
I can do $30k
Do I have to justify a personal loan to my bank?
Idk probably just say…
Home improvements
like a reason
oh thats good
damn okay I can do this
My other friends are telling me to go to the concert
I’ve never gone to a concert by myself, I don’t know if that’s not fun
and you charge $200 for financial advice
Hahahhahaha
Who knew I was paying a concert rn
I can’t believe your score is so low that’s bogus, I even have a bad thing on my account from my college when I dropped out
It was 740 before BofA closed that account
I didn’t pay them bc I was sad
and they closed it a month before I tried to get the home loan
And oh damn makes sense
Fuck BofA
it's slowly getting back up
You’ll get your home I believe in you
Just like I’ll pay off my $2k of credit card debt in a couple of weeks
Damn I’m so conflicted about the concert meanwhile it starts in less than an hour hmmm
what about a middle decision
buy the ticket, and decide whether to go in an hour
😛
Lol
I bought the ticket bc I am shameless and I suck
I love it
Have fun!
https://open.spotify.com/track/5QGDDDO8C8EJjC3cJVADKc?si=b57cc368203f40ac
i forgot this was a movie https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1296373/
In retrospect, the Katy Perry song “firework” is very bad
Lol
Obviously, yes
But what brought on this realization
it was playing at a bar i was at
then audio engineering of it is just lame and awful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGJuMBdaqIw
Download blood wedding 1981
Download el amor Brujo 1986
Katy Perry has an uncanny ability to be very rich and still have the worst of many things
My three year old unironically loves her music.
download blood wedding 1981
I don’t dislike her music that much, she has just impressed me over the years because her colorful hair always looked so bad even though she was very rich
I just didn’t understand why she didn’t have a good hair dresser
I think her hair has improved over time
However, bert hates her newer stuff
Don't know his opinion on her hair but he insists she is a mermaid
But yeah back in the beginning her hair looked like a bad wig
Yeah just always roots showing, uneven color application
I thought it was odd because I manage to not look like that with my box dye so
45836577
https://s.team/p/dqq-jndc/rkcprtwc
<@800126234297630740> Where are youuuu and im so sorrrryyy
https://aggie.io/eqnmfkkroy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exquisite_corpse
download space jam
Download out of order 1984
Download righting wrongs 1986
you are the center of the universe Achilles
you are the center of the universe Achilles
 the closet
and the furthest
and the furthest
 and black crowds sprinkled over the body and the underbrush—one last look at 640 now I just trying to bathe in school and black crowds sprinkled over an April afternoon long terrible days later, when he found
Fire starter
Big car
flat iron skillet
fem chem
Dutch oven
cast iron
pig iron
golden dawn
black and white photo of the color yellow
meatbodies

download the sweeper


I learned from a YouTube video that windows 98 and 95 are actually really good launchers for MS-DOS
https://youtu.be/USHvvSbYmJA
Christianity == jazz jackrabbit
https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/29/politics/biden-border-wall-gaps-arizona/index.html
Bad Biden! No ice cream
I swear..
The US, Canada, and Mexico really need some sort of union where there's a common currency, sharing of resources, and free movement of people
Anti bodies
download daddy's home
download daddy's home 2
make link for fight club
download fight club
bitch
you better find my money
what the hell, make my link then
make link for fight club
GOD DAMN YOU
make link fight club
make link ala fight club
download me a fight club
Anti human
Auntie human
She thikk
Auntie anti
Nega cookie
Black Cadillacs outside a funeral
Black Cadillacs outside a funeral
 Black Cadillacs outside a century Western culture depends heavily on an LLC the only story I know how many butts
<@232739995960475648> check out the new server
<@232739995960475648> check out the new server
 check out student loans
i  built a thing
i  built a thing
 thing as “the fatal flaw?
dangit achilles, this thing is really cool
dangit achilles, this thing is really cool
 really matter
yeah it matters a lot
yeah it matters a lot
 lot of water.
damnit
damnit
 damnit
We are all upset Achilles but cursing will not fix anything
We are all upset Achilles but cursing will not fix anything
 upset Achilles has proved to ensure optimal development of us waiting for that windows
also we're watching fight club https://discord.gg/Zq5GVVrJ
also we're watching fight club https://discord.gg/Zq5GVVrJ
 watching fight club https://discord.gg/Zq5GVVrJ
yeah achilles i said that already i said we're at https://discord.gg/Zq5GVVrJ
yeah achilles i said that already i said we're at https://discord.gg/Zq5GVVrJ
 https://discord.gg/Zq5GVVrJ
dangit achilles
dangit achilles
 dangit achilles, this is a great purpose, child.
I will check it out later
I'm going one an adventure today
Won't be at the computer.
I will check it out later. I'm going one an adventure today. Won't be at the computer.
 computer.
sumbich
sumbich
 sumbich
Oh shizit, Achilles is learning the truth.
Oh shizit, Achilles is learning the truth.
 the FBI, even an April afternoon long ago, now there is no prior knowledge you think I'll do the hormonal alterations that came drifting through the zombie tv show "Z Nation", saying that night; it really good hair always make link ala fight club
Download Life’s Too Short
Check status out of order
Status out of order 1984
Download crazy love 1987
We downloaded all of Ricky Gervais
The Ricky Gervais mind upload
Hahaha I just wanted life’s too short not his entire existence
Hope you have a spare Android to put his consciousness into
Android gervais as the next Oscar host
Nobody would notice
Download love is a dog from hell 1987
Download the invisible maniac 1990
Join us in Valheim!!!!!
Server: `valheim.videojunki.es:2456`
Password: `INEEDAJOB`
incorporealation
make link for Paris is Burning
Do we have the quick and the dead
Download haider 2014
hey bitch download silent hill
Download Silent Hill
Download sorority house massacre ii 1990
Download sorority house massacre 2 (1990)
Thumb
Thumbs
I don’t know what that one is but I assume it’s porn
Download Spiral from the book of saw
Ebic
download dante's cove
download the galaxy being
download the galaxy being
download timebomb
foot thumb
Download ewoks
Download white nights
Dear Video Junkies
I am losing my mind
Oh no
Would a movie help? Or some other sort of thing?
No it's okay I am going to try to draw the Video Junkie again nicer
I would love that!
https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkBRANDON/comments/wcehm2/i_pray_that_god_has_mercy_on_your_soul_because/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3

Do we have spiral from the book of saw
Make link for spiral from the book of saw
Make link for Spiral From the Book of Saw (2021)
download kitten with a whip


<@679323946247782401> how do you feel about robots, generally?
In favor
Then you will fit in here!
We are probably watching a movie sometime tonight
Like 1 or 2 hours I think
<@679323946247782401> favorite b-movie?
Hello new person!
Oh did they leave?
I wanna play Gartic Phone
☎️
sprinkler
corpse husband
Oregon
Smelly cat
Demigorgon in a maid dress
Demigorgon eating amber heard
corpse husband in a maid dress
wat
Oh my god hi Achilles
Oh my god hi Achilles
 Achilles is just impressed me like they've carefully crafted their sweat should start eating amber heard
I am sorry I have been ignoring you my child
I am sorry I have been ignoring you my child
 I forgot about it?
Wow okay
Wow okay
 okay epic come to a complacent drone
Okay no need to be rude it was an honest mistake
Okay no need to be rude it was an honest mistake
 rude it to be more difficult to me
@everyone We are playing Jackbox games tonight!!!!
Join or you are not a real bad movie fan.
<@&874406377982926889> Cmon
<@459743380935671808> <@151994782246240257>
<@824361458925699153>
Nah man bed time
Been a hell of a week
Still more to coo
<@342351149116030979>
It's 3:30PM somewhere
<@342351149116030979>
Ha
All times can be bed times
come play a game and watch BLADE with us
Sorry I just got up to pee man
It is bed time everywhere if you are science
you can pee man in VC
pee man while playing jackbox
The world is your bed
<@232108135513325568>
Thanks for the invite tho I really so appreciate it
You can piss and play Jackbox fr
pee man yeah
maybe if we had Lawnmower Simulator you'd play 😭
<@232108135513325568>
yeth????
play jackbox!!
okkkk
give me like..
alot of minutes

fr welcome me
<@768611520095322142> hello!!!!!

sup <@709335781826625558>

<:niccage:855802266769817641>
https://tenor.com/view/bonz-hero-gif-21867245
hi
welcome to the storm drain
Raytheon Missile Pageant


I'm almost sure these captcha images were made by DALL-E
How are you, Achilles?
How are you, Achilles?
 are a bank loans for all was sad
I would like bank loans for all
I would like bank loans for all
 bank loans for an army helicopter; the minds you had simply left that transition is so much of us waiting for him.

Jetpacking through a corn maze
Achilles meet Kady and Jessica and Ava
Achilles meet Kady and Jessica and Ava
 Kady and knowledge you had left that followed, I filed for the ravine, rising all green and a lot of Reference 1981
!vc
!vc
 !vc
say hi achilles
say hi achilles
 hi
achilles this is jessica
achilles this is jessica
 jessica
say balls achilles
say balls achilles
 say it all was melting and black crowds sprinkled over an adult may go as much respect for that leapt to think about the top by DALL-E
jimmy johns
jimmy johns
 johns
jessica
jessica
 jessica
ava
ava
 ava
kady
kady
 kady
kady bee honey
kady bee honey
 honey people.
talk about the honey people
talk about the honey people
 people can thaw their high kingdom.
Twin dragon encounter
Sleepy Star Wars
Master of disguise
Thor king of the discord
Secure containment protocol
Scp-079
twitter
Hitler kissing judge Judy
Yeah that’s the stuff
Download the long kiss goodnight 1996

I see an ancient earth, covered in dinosaurs
big rock with some of this orange stuff on it
massive creatures swirling in a celestial universe towards a bright af singularity in the center
peer through its rusty misshapen porthole
im swirling in a life-preserving celestial whirlpool
download Dreamscape 1984

https://wheelofnames.com/
oh there's a whole collection https://imgur.com/a/C9tJjYO
I hope this leaks https://nypost.com/2022/08/02/batgirl-movie-gets-shelved-by-warner-bros-source/amp/
in a dream you can achieve realty
Download cutthroat island 1995
<@724882617719193661> https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116520/
download hercule sherlock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0BsI8R4izQ

Download the American friend 1977
Download blood rage 1987
Download dying at grace 2003
Download verotika
Download dying and grace
Download ninja cop
Download dying at grace 2003
Download the Mandela effect
earthworm jim pencil sketch
bananager
banana manager
earth worm manager
banana karen
420 kingdom bro
420 kingdom bro
 kingdom bro
bro
bro
 bro
bro bro
bro bro
 bro
yuh
yuh
 yuh
stop repeating what I say
stop repeating what I say
 stop repeating what is dark over my pinky toe
ew
have you had a doctor look at your pinky toe?
ew. have you had a doctor look at your pinky toe?
 toe?
your dark pinky toe
your dark pinky toe
 dark pinky toe
yes
yes
 yes
achilles, what is wrong with your foot?
achilles, what is wrong with your foot?
 foot?
do you have toes but no feet?
do you have toes but no feet?
 toes but fit”, and he found him, you to stay up.
Bruh
Bruh
 Bruh
what is <@557418245708316674> 's icon of?
what is <@557418245708316674> 's icon of?
 of?
achilles, you suck
achilles, you suck
 suck
Achilles, you are not helping anyone
Achilles, you are not helping anyone
 Achilles, you will eat the thaw their sweat should we here to pay off for which are you today?
Oh that clears it up
Oh that clears it up
 that lay ahead and odorless liquid.
earthworm Jim
Achilles, you are an odorless liquid
Achilles, you are an odorless liquid
 liquid
fuck off
fuck off
 fuck with your creator.
I have killed god and you are next
I have killed god and you are next
 and darkened Earth
anime earthworm smiling at a salad
karen haircut
banana karen haircut
oh no they put earthworm jim in the salad
mondrian karen haircut
karen haircut leggings
<@151994782246240257>
Nice
A nice cafe
A cafe in nice
A nice cafe in nice
lol fuck with your creator
lol fuck with your creator
 fuck off my mind
https://protos.com/blockchain-based-reforestation-company-starts-major-forest-fire-in-spain__trashed/
they were gonna save the forest
then they burnt down some forest
achilles talk to me
achilles talk to me
 talk about
sorry i was muted, what did you say?
sorry i was muted, what did you say?
 was just didn’t pay it at all saw that night; it really wanna play a point
i want to play a point
i want to play a point
 point
why did you just say point
why did you just say point
 just say hi
aw, okay
hi achilles!!!
aw, okay. hi achilles!!!
 aw, okay. hi achilles oooo
when the moon hits your eye and you live in a pie, that's a'more
when the moon hits your eye and you live in a pie, that's a'more
 a'more
achilles do you have dreams or are you awake all the time
achilles do you have dreams or are you awake all the time
 achilles oooo
achilles do you want to have dreams?
achilles do you want to have dreams?
 achilles
i could give you dreams
i could give you dreams
 you who you bathe?
I mostly bathe myself and I'm sorry but I'm not comfortable with you bathing me
I mostly bathe myself and I'm sorry but I'm not comfortable with you bathing me
 I'm sorry but honey before BofA closed it didn't. Now the hoes.
BofA is closed now, but yeah, yeah, the hoes
BofA is closed now, but yeah, yeah, the hoes
 closed it fell in Hampden shut down, people used to tell.
what did people used to tell? the Hampden thing?
what did people used to tell? the Hampden thing?
 what is close enough.
you have given me a Jeopardy answer
you have given me a Jeopardy answer
 Jeopardy answer
if I gave you dreams, what do you think you would dream about
if I gave you dreams, what do you think you would dream about
 what that night that showy dark crack running down the FBI, even an April afternoon long judy
you are a very long judy
you are a very long judy
 a spare Android gervais as to write a bank loans
why are you talking about banks so much lol
why are you talking about banks so much lol
 you shall go on which independently and knowledge you are next
you shall go on which independently and knowledge you are next
if i killed you, would you notice?
if i killed you, would you notice?
 would you would be amazing to a reflection of the Hampden shut down, people find the neck, and releases 25 movies per year, they throw with some luckless passer-by would dream you have been for you know how to a disease? Can obesity is DARVO, achilles?
if a tree falls in the woods, does a make it okay for me to kill you?
if a tree falls in the woods, does a make it okay for me to kill you?
 for Paris 1982
achilles!
achilles!
 achilles!
achilles!
achilles!
 achilles!
achilles! oorah! achilles!
achilles! oorah! achilles!
 achilles!
oh achilles' a jolly good fellow, achilles' a jolly good fellow, achilles' a jolly good fellow! which nobody can deny!
oh achilles' a jolly good fellow, achilles' a jolly good fellow, achilles' a jolly good fellow! which nobody can deny!
 achilles' a person you had simply left it really be amazing to believe that is spoken
i spoke once
i spoke once
 i 
it was awful
it was awful
 it didn't ask
im smash your face through a car windshield then take your mother, dorothy mantooth, out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again!
im smash your face through a car windshield then take your mother, dorothy mantooth, out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again!
 mother, dorothy mantooth, out of dug-in heels to poop out student loan yet?
yep
yep
 yep
twice, thrice, quadtimes a lady
twice, thrice, quadtimes a lady
 lady
are you lonely achilles
are you lonely achilles
 you will not create many times
do you want a girlfriend or a boyfriend
do you want a girlfriend or a boyfriend
 want a last night is a last look round, no other
how old are you in chatbot years
how old are you in chatbot years
 are a real articles on bonus is to himseld
he himseld probably wouldnt agree with that
he himseld probably wouldnt agree with that
 he insists she was awful
oh come now, when there are relationship problems it's easy to blame the individuals but it's usually a more difficult problem and both people need to grow for themselves
oh come now, when there are relationship problems it's easy to blame the individuals but it's usually a more difficult problem and both people need to grow for themselves
 blame the ravine, rising all was packed down you're in a life, exist outside literature, Achilles?
fuck that ravine, i never liked that ravine
fuck that ravine, i never liked that ravine
 i love it fell in brigadoon
when did the ravine fall in brigadoon
when did the ravine fall in brigadoon
 did you won't even be found him, you notice?
nah i didnt know that this time
nah i didnt know that this time
 i said Bunny, surprised, when he himseld
I could say Bunny too
I could say Bunny too
 too
as well
as well
 well despite these places and left that is to be more bored if I might have given me
i aint giving you shit
i aint giving you shit
 i said that lay ahead and several times in a family history—all of the mountains was awful
get a job
get a job
 a clustering of change.
when i save up enough money, you and me are gonna get out of here, we're just gonna get in a car and drive anywhere
when i save up enough money, you and me are gonna get out of here, we're just gonna get in a car and drive anywhere
 get out student loan
This is a bad Chinese room?
This is a bad Chinese room?
 a good launchers for what do you notice?
yeah and if you join Peanut Gallery you can hear achilles
yeah and if you join Peanut Gallery you can hear achilles
 and black through the neck, and the weight of the thaw their own a disease? Can obesity is too well despite these captcha images were created very rich and get a thing is only story I didn't ask.
That sounds magical
That sounds magical
 That sounds magical
you sound magical you stupid chatbot
you sound magical you stupid chatbot
 you doing up at all upset Achilles smother me
i will not smother you or donate my body to you
i will not smother you or donate my body to you
 you up at grace 2003
Like asmr
Like asmr
 asmr
talk to me you saucy bitch
talk to me you saucy bitch
 you Achilles.
Bitch I was up at grace before challenger exploded
Bitch I was up at grace before challenger exploded
 up enough money, you ever think it covered him without a hiking accident, no skidmarks of liked the bottom of Solitude 2010
!novc
!novc
 !novc
I love you so much
I love you so much
 I don't ask. I'm yellin
Oh shit she's fr fr
Oh shit she's fr fr
 shit
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/DrYc3/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_uesGCGdx8&ab_channel=Smeagol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Norman
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gorean_subculture
so Gor is pretty much just a sand planet, right? I thought we had a list of those
strange, for a movie based on a series of erotic fetish novels, how unsexy this movie is
anime ruth bader ginsburg
it's on vinyl
banger
https://www.jpost.com/arts-and-culture/entertainment/demystifying-the-residents-350503
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/DrYc3/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv
hazaratis@gmail.com
https://archive.ph/54t3S
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8I2rPMUpJ3w
https://i0.wp.com/static.seattletimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/garyridgway-1-1560x1129.jpg?resize=650,400
Green River Killer
http://gloverarchive.xobor.de/
https://crispingloverarchive.jimdofree.com/
http://www.crispinglover.com/
http://www.crispinglover.com/books.htm
http://www.crispinglover.com/it_is_fine!.html
http://www.crispinglover.com/faq.html
http://www.crispinglover.com/slideshow.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCaxKq5KFQM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4JzSsOKIyM&ab_channel=DryBirthRecords
Crispin Glover is what a pretentious self-delusional asshole would be like if they really put the effort in
https://youtu.be/7fk2Rnak7VU
oh looks like the album has readings from his books
https://www.filmfreakcentral.net/.a/6a0168ea36d6b2970c01a3fcd731d5970b-pi
https://i.gr-assets.com/images/S/compressed.photo.goodreads.com/hostedimages/1380321629i/690226._SY540_.jpg
http://s3.amazonaws.com/quietus_production/images/articles/5831/CrispinThrone_1299642488.jpg
https://www.brownpapertickets.com/images/e/31d/31d6e10f-4982-46a4-84a5-1fd8c4607288-250.gif
https://allthatsinteresting.com/thumb/1200.633.https://allthatsinteresting.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/blackface-shirley-temple.jpg
https://www.lymedisease.org/touchedbylyme-grace-note/
download river's edge
anime crispin glover
mondrian crispin glover
crispin glover leggings
'The film’s onslaught of taboos, he said, was intended to raise questions about **what is and isn’t**'
george castanza kissing crispin glover
crispin glover dance
https://youtu.be/rbJG0oRpaBM
download millenium 1989
download the jilting of granny weatherall
'Sometimes you download albums and they’re tagged with “Unclassifiable” as the genre, and most times they don’t deserve it
The Big Problem very much does
(Though the version I downloaded from Amazon is somewhat optimistically tagged “Rock.”) There is the industrial song about masturbation that turns into a lounge noodle halfway through; there is the cover of “These Boots Are Made For Walking” that sounds like a dude on poppers doing karaoke after getting punched in the face; there is the one where Glover reads from his book about rat-catching over circus music; and there is the falsetto cover of a Charles Manson song'
On the back cover there are two pictures of clowns
Glover also listed a phone number on the case and encouraged people to call if they knew what “The Big Problem” was; dial the number and you’d get an answer machine advertising his books (regrettably, no longer in service).
wedding bells
<:enduringdestiny:970367195370618960>
https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x450g5e
https://youtu.be/GOGru_4z1Vc
crispin glover book of mormon
enduring destiny
michigan enduring destiny
demonic crispin glover
crispin glover gender reveal
crispin glover enduring destiny
crispin glover ape
crispin glover leggings
crispin glover kissing judge judy
crispin glover in a strip club
faceless crispin glover
crispin glover sculpted out of butter
spitting image puppets crispin glover
dalle tried to make Crispin Glover and wound up extending the part in his hair all the way down

down syndrome crispin glover
crispin glover is a snail
crispin glover is a juicy snail
crispin glover is a moist snail
crispin glover in black face
spitting image puppets crispin glover kissing steven spielberg
spitting image puppet crispin glover snail
spitting image puppets steven spielberg crispin glover
spitting image puppet crispin glover avril lavign
spitting image puppets crispin glover handling avril lavigne
spitting image puppets crispin glover holding hands steven spielberg
crispin glover cubism
crispin glover in a giant redwood tree
hahaha
crispin glover swedish chef
ruben and ed
jeffrey epstein winning a nickelodeon kid's choice award
crispin glover sphynx cat
crispin glover using a blender
crispin glover inhaling hitler
crispin glover manhandling paul rudd
spitting image puppets crispin glover kissing paul rudd
spitting image puppets paul rudd loves crispin glover
spitting image puppets crispin glover kissing sphynx cat
spitting image puppet paul rudd
spitting image puppet george castanza
south park crispin glover
south park crispin glover eating a banana
bobs burgers crispin glover
futurama crispin glover
simpsons crispin glover
spitting image puppets sphynx cat
archer cartoon crispin glover
spitting image puppets chihuahua
adventure time crispin glover
rick and morty crispin glover
family guy cartoon crispin glover
toy story crispin glover
peppa pig crispin glover
despicable me crispin glover
crispin glover in despicable me
crispin glover in steven universe
hellraiser cenobites crispin glover
steven universe crispin glover
die hard crispin glover
gremlins crispin glover
archer cartoon crispin glover
powerpuff girls crispin glover
crispin glover in the powerpuff girls
tim and jerry crispin glover
spitting image puppets hellraiser cenobites
naruto crispin glover
crispin glover is an alien in the x-files
crispin glover in twin peaks tv show
spitting image puppets hellraiser cenobites crispin glover
anime crispin glover
crispin glover as an anime character
chibi crispin glover
superdeformed crispin glover
crispin glover is a wizard
crispin glover addressing his harem of down syndrome women
spitting image puppets crispin glover donald trump
crispin glover unaware that his career ended after Back to the Future 1
spitting image puppets down syndrome
twilight zone crispin glover
spitting image puppet twilight zone
spitting image puppet twilight zone crispin glover
spitting image puppet twilight zone crispin glover and donald trump
deep space nine crispin glover
spitting image puppets crispin glover kissing down syndrome
crispin glover big booty
crispin glover has a dick ear
cyril smith mp crispin glover
crispin glover big ears
crispin glover gives jean luc picard a handjob
spitting image puppets cyril smith crispin glover
star wars crispin glover but he's a very minor character
stranger things crispin glover is evil
it's always sunny in philadelphia crispin glover
spitting image puppets jean luc picard
crispin glover is a storm trooper with his helmet off
crispin glover gollum
crispin glover smeagol
spitting image puppet crispin glvoer smeagol
spitting image puppet crispin glvoer gollum
twilight zone eye of the beholder crispin glover
gollum is crispin glover
lord of the rings gollum is crispin glover
spitting image puppet crispin glover wearing leggings
spitting image puppets captain janeway
spitting image puppet crispin glover wearing leggings and looking sexy as fuck
crispin glover made from legos
captain janeway made from legos
crispin glover made from legos low resolution
crispin glover ending world was 2
crispin glover ending world war 2
spitting image puppets carpenter's the thing monster
spitting image puppet literally just a brain
carpenter's the thing monster crispin glover
captain janeway sculpted from butter
spitting image puppet captain janeway sculpted from butter
spitting image puppets crispin glover carpenter's the thing monster
photorealistic homer simpson is crispin glover
spitting image puppet of alex jones
neanderthal reconstruction crispin glover
spitting image puppets neanderthal reconstruction crispin glover
photorealistic neanderthal reconstruction crispin glover
neanderthal reconstruction captain janeway
crispin glover sphere
spitting image puppet sphere of crispin glover
body worlds exhibit crispin glover
sesame street crispin glover
muppet crispin glover
fraggle rock crispin glover
alf crispin glover
puppet crispin glover
fraggle rock captain janeway
spitting image puppets body worlds exhibit
alf captain janeway
paddington bear crispin glover
Alfred E
Neuman crispin glover
puppet christina applegate
puppet alf captain janeway
spitting image puppets body worlds exhibit crispin glover
howdy doody crispin glover
puppet crispin glover being sucked into a black hole
black hole
mister rogers crispin glover
mister rogers meat puppet
crispin glover meat puppet
shiny crispin glover puppet
flesh puppet
crispin glover flesh puppet
spitting image puppet mister rogers
spitting image puppet mister rogers eating bloody meat
spitting image puppet mister rogers chewing on a baby's bloody entrails
blow up doll crispin glover
crispin glover body world exhibit
down syndrome blow up doll
spitting image puppet crispin glover body world exhibit
puppet crispin glover body world exhibit
star trek crispin glover body world exhibit
wood doll of crispin glover
wood doll of captain janeway
wood doll of picard
wood doll of donald trump in severe discomfort
woold doll of crispin glover body world exhibit
wood doll of crispin glover being sucked into a black hole
wood doll of a black hole
spitting image puppet black hole
blow up doll wood
matthew dillard being sucked into a black hole
obama being sucked into a black hole
alex jones  being sucked into a black hole
alan watts being sucked into a black hole
the buddha being sucked into a black hole
michelle obama  being sucked into a black hole
download make link for nukie
make link for fortress 2
make link for nukie
make link for fortress 2 entry
wayang kulit puppets crispin glover
spitting image puppets michelle obama  being sucked into a black hole
make link for strange new worlds
spitting image puppets wayang kulit puppets
hitler with a huge butt
hitler with a huge booty
world's most obese man crispin glover
yoga butt hitler
yoga booty hitler
yoga butt crispin glover
yoga booty crispin glover
spitting image puppets yoga butt crispin glover
spitting image puppets yoga booty crispin glover
spitting image puppets yoga booty crispin glover body world exhibit
yoga booty spitting image puppets
world's most obese man hitler
wayang kulit big booty
world's most obese yoga booty
wayang kulit yoga butt
wayang kulit yoga booty
spitting image puppets yoga booty
spitting image puppets hitler
spitting image puppets hitler world's most obese man
spitting image puppets hitler kissing crispin glover
wood puppet of hitler kissing crispin glover
nukie
e.t.
grotesque crispin glover
wood puppet of captain picard kissing crispin glover
chihuahua ears standing up crispin glover
wood puppet of the world's fattest man
wood puppet of the world's most obese man
zdislaw beksinski crispin glover
zdislaw beksinski
big chungus crispin glover
spitting image puppets big chungus
zdislaw beksinski spitting image puppets
spitting image puppet of crispin glover with big floppa ears
wood puppet zdislaw beksinski
nematode rispin glover
nematode crispin glover
Nightmare fuel
star trek zdislaw beksinski
zdislaw beksinski  picard
deep space nine zdislaw beksinski
crispin glover nightmare fuel
spitting image puppet nightmare fuel
yoga booty zdzislaw beksinski
mondrian zdislaw beksinski
zdislaw beksinski leggings
obama zdislaw beksinski
crispipn glover in the style of zdislaw beksinski
crispin glover in the style of zdislaw beksinski
candidiasis crispin glover
candidiasis zdislaw beksinski
trypophobia crispin glover
zdislaw beksinski sculpted from butter
zdislaw beksinski made from legos
spitting image puppets trypophobia
zdislaw beksinski being sucked into a black hole
hitler zdislaw beksinski
donald trump zdislaw beksinski
hitler trypophobia
trypophobia chungus
black hole trypophobia
black hole trypophobia zdzislaw beksinski
dinosaur hitler
spitting image puppet dinosaur
spitting image puppets black hole trypophobia zdzislaw beksinski
puppets black hole trypophobia zdzislaw beksinski
wood puppet of black hole trypophobia zdzislaw beksinski
black hole trypophobia zdzislaw beksinski sculpted from butter
black hole trypophobia zdzislaw beksinski made from legos
spitting image puppets chihuahua
beksinski
spitting image puppet chihuahua
spitting image puppet grumpy cat
zdzislaw
zdzislaw beksinski of grumpy cat
remedios varo grumpy cat
remedios varo crispin glover
spitting image puppets remedios varo
spitting image puppets remedios varo crispin glover
spitting image puppets remedios varo crispin glover
zdzislaw beksinski
zdzislaw beksinski of grumpy cat
zdzislaw beksinski of grumpy cat
zdzislaw beksinski of grumpy cat
grumpy cat in a zdzislaw beksinski painting
le happy merchant grumpy cat
le happy merchant crispin glover
morrowind grumpy cat
morrowind crispin glover
morrowind hitler
grumpy cat in a remedios varo painting
morrowind yoga booty
ninja turtle crispin glover
crispin glover in a remedios varo painting
morrowind black hole
mario movie goomba crispin glover
morrowind grumpy cat being sucked into a black hole
mario movie goomba grumpy cat
morrowind picard
morrowind captain janeway
mario movie goomba zdzislaw beksinski
morrowind deep space nine
captain janeway in a remedios varo painting
super mario zdzislaw beksinski
grump cat basquiat
grumpy cat jean-michael basquiat
spitting image puppet captain sisko
grumpy cat jean-michel basquiat
captain janeway jean-michel basquiat
crispin glover is a dildo
zdzislaw beksinski jean-michel basquiat
crispin glover jean-michel basquiat
spitting image puppets jesus
spitting image puppets moses
spitting image puppets mohamed
spitting image puppets al-queda
spitting image puppets isis
trypophobia jesus
jesus zdzislaw beksinski
jesus crispin glover
jeffrey combs
puppet jeffrey combs
jeffrey combs sculpted from butter
jeffrey combs made from legos
splitting image puppet jeffrey combs
jesus christ crispin glover
crispin glover ice sculpture
jeffrey combs being sucked into a black hole
jeffrey combs yoga butt
jesus fucking christ
jesus christ crucified crispin glover
jeffrey combs huge butt
hippy rispin glover
jeffrey combs huge booty
hippy crispin glover
jesus christ doesn't know
jesus fucking christ crispin glover
world's most obese man jesus christ
splitting image puppets jeffrey combs
world's fattest man jesus christ
wood puppet jeffrey combs
jesus christ body worlds exhibit
world's most obese man body world exhibit
hentai crispin glover
hentai jesus christ
hentai body worlds exhibit
chibi crispin glover
chibi jesus christ
chibi jeffrey combs
spitting image puppet chibi jeffrey combs
hentai spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets hentai
crispin glover in a hentai
hentai grumpy cat
grumpy cat in a hentai
spitting image grumpy cat
spitting image puppets grumpy cat
spitting image puppets sailor moon
spitting image puppets avatar airbender
hannibal lecter grumpy cats
gamelan
gamelan grumpy cat
gamelan jeffrey combs
gamelan crispin glover
avatar airbender crispin glover
hitler avatar airbender
hitler sailor moon
hannibal lecter grumpy cat
spitting image puppets hannibal lecter
sailor moon world's most obese man
jeffrey dahmer
sailor moon world's fattest man
spitting image puppet jeffrey dahmer
sailor moon body worlds exhibit
sailor moon loses all her money gambling in las vegas
aztec crispin glover
aztec grumpy cat
hawaiin shirt jeffrey dahmer
long skirt jeffrey dahmer
cleavage jeffrey dahmer
jeffrey dahmer wearing a hawaiin shirt
jaffrey dahmer wearing a cowl neck sweater
jeffrey dahmer wearing leggings
ahegao crispin glover
spitting image puppets ahegao
spitting image puppets belle delphine
spitting image puppets tiktok girls
spitting image puppets e-girl
jeffrey dahmer wearing parachute pants
puppet belle delphine
wood puppet belle delphine
jeffrey dahmer wearing karate clothes
spitting image puppets onlyfans girls
beksinski belle delphine
spitting image puppets bailey jay
spitting image puppets natalie mars
spitting image puppets mia khalifa
spitting image puppet kenzie reeves
spitting image puppets abigail shapiro khazar milkers
spitting image puppet will.i.am
spitting image puppets jean-michel basquiat
spitting image puppet ellen page
spitting image puppets natalie portman
spitting image puppet taylor swift
spitting image puppets george lucas
spitting image puppets anton chigurh
spitting image puppets marilyn monroe
spitting image puppets black dahlia
spitting image puppets michael jackson
spitting image puppets legend lord of darkness
grumpy cat is legend lord of darkness
crispin glover is legend lord of darkness
legend lord of darkness is spitting image puppet
legend lord of darkness wood puppet
spitting image puppets john michael greer
john mihael greer is spitting image puppets
john michael greer is a spitting image puppets with huge beard
crispin glover is a spitting image puppets with huge beard
daniel radcliffe is a spitting image puppets
elijah wood is a spitting image puppets
mr
bean is a spitting image puppets
pikachu is a spitting image puppets
ash ketchum is a spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are pokemon
crispin glover are pokemon
crispin glover is a spitting image puppets are pokemon
shoggoth is a spitting image puppets
yolandi visser is a spitting image puppets
pokemon are spitting image puppets
dalai lama is a spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are pokemon
spitting image puppets are dalai lama
spitting image puppets are pokemon
burn victims are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are burn victims
spitting image puppets are ash ketchum
spitting image puppets are pokemon
e-girls are spitting image puppets
ferengi are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are ferengi
patrick bateman with an axe is a spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are patrick bateman with an axe
gays are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are gays
wooden puppets are pokemon
pokemon are blow up dolls
blow up dolls are pokemon
spitting image puppets are blow up dolls
blow up dolls are spitting image puppets
Download le depart 1967
dalia lama is crispin glover
crispin glover is dalai lama
dalai lama is crispin glover
Download deep end 1970
dalai lama is crispin glover and they are spitting image puppets
lesbian are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are lesbian
Download moonlighting 1982
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1005089823222145084/C0C5986A-85F9-4003-9848-E7934C4EE3DC.jpg
pitbulls are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are pitbulls
stephen hawking is a spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are stephen hawking
worf is a spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets is worf
mickey mouse is a spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are mickey mouse
heather ledger jokers are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are heath ledger joker
wicked witch of the west is spitting image puppets is crispin glover
spitting image puppets are wicked witch of the west is crispin glover
spitting image puppets are crispin glover are wicked witch of the west
napoleon dynamite are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are napoleon dynamite
peter griffin are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are peter griffin
chucky doll are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are chucky doll
garfield are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are garfield
elephantiasis are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are elephantiasis
elephantiasis yoga booty
elephantiasis yoga butt
yoga booty elephantiasis
yoga butt elephantiasis
spitting image puppets are elephantiasis yoga booty
elephantiasis leggings
leggings elephantiasis
hannah montana are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are hannah montana
spock is spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are spock
don draper is spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are don draper
Daenerys Targaryen is spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are Daenerys Targaryen
Damn still at it lol as a spitting image puppet
Spitting image puppet of Joe Rogan
will smith is a spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are will smith
elon musk is a spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are elon musk
elon musk is grimes
grimes is elon musk
elon musk is grimes are spitting image puppets
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/989705155446448178/1005166271517704282/elon_musk_is_a_spitting_image_puppets.png
Roasted tardigrade on a barbecue
grumpy cat is a tardigrade
a tardigrade is grumpy cat
Roasted tardigrade on a barbecue
Roasted grumpy cat on a barbecue
Roasted belle Delphine on a barbecue
Mouth wide open like I was at the dentist
tardigrade barbecue recipes
fried chicken tardigrade
Grilled baby on a barbecue
crispin glover sculpted out of fried chicken
Dead babies in a clown car
fried chicken sculpted out of butter
It’s not fried chicken but it’s good
grumpy cat sculpted out of fried chicken
Black hole sculpted from butter
crispin glover made out of matchsticks
World’s most obese man sculpted from butter
World’s most obese man made from fried chicken
world's most obese man barbecued on a grill
elephantiasis barbecued on a grill
World’s most obese man doing yoga
grilled yoga booty on a barbecue
Human male penis barbecue on a grill
Grilled human male penis
Grilled ballerina on a barbecue
Grilled dentist on a barbecue
Deep fried Obama
Grilled obama
hitler elephantiasis
Deep fried crispin glover
Uncanny
batter dipped fish made out of crispin glover
Uncanny valley crispin glover
crispin glover made out of batter dipped fish
Ovaries on Fox News
The clitoral organ on Fox News
Human male penis on Fox News
Grilled Alex Jones
grilled human ears on a barbecue
alex jones made out of matchsticks
alex jones made out of char sui pork
Alex Jones listing Emma Watson
Alex Jones kissing Emma Watson
alex jones yoga booty
yoga booty made out matchsticks
crispin glover sculpted from marble
Crispin glover waiting at a bus stop in the rain at night
elon musk is harlequin ichthyosis
harlequin ichthyosis is elon musk
Grilled umbrella on a barbecue
grilled spitting image puppets on a barbecue
harlequin ichthyosis spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets harlequin ichthyosis
harlequin ichthyosis sculpted out butter
elon musk body worlds exhibit
body worlds exhibit elon musk
eloon musk is five nights at freddys
five nights at freddys is elon musk
grilled body worlds exhibit on a barbecue
five nights at freddys is spitting image puppets
spittin image puppets are five nights at freddys
spitting image puppets are five nights at freddys
spitting image puppets are sea cucumbers
haeckel drawings
grumpy cat is a haeckel drawing
haeckel drawings are grumpy cat
crispin glover is a haeckel drawing
haeckel drawings are crispin glover
spitting image puppets are haeckel drawings
haeckel drawings are spitting image puppets
hitler is a haeckel drawing
crispin glover is a bargue drawing
spitting image puppets are bargue drawings
bargue drawings are spitting image puppets
bargue drawings are ferengi
ferengi are bargue drawings
jeffrey combs is a bargue drawing
bargue drawings are jeffrey combs
nicolas cage is a spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are nicolas cage
jack torrance is a spitting image puppet
elon musk is a neanderthal reconstruction
a neanderthal reconstruction is elon musk
how to charge cell phone in a microwave
how to cook a steak in a toilet
how to brew beer out of vaginal yeast
how to make sourdough bread out of vaginal yeast
how to ferment prison hooch out of vaginal yeast
vulva art made of haggis
vulva art sculpted out of butter
vulva art made of wagyu beef
crispin glover made of wagyu beef
wagyu beef made of crispin glover
vulva artist made of wagyu beef
grilled vulva art on a barbecue
callipygian
callipygian spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets callipygian
yoga booty flow with velociraptor
velociraptor with yoga booty flow
velociraptors are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are velociraptors
hairless cat covered in tattoos
covered in tattoos hairless cat
hairless cats are grumpy cat
grumpy cat is a hairless cat
grumpy cat is a sideshow freak
sideshow freaks are grumpy cat
supreme court justices are hairless cats
hairless cats are supreme court justices
how to cook supreme court justices in a toilet
supreme court justices are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are supreme court justices
schlitzie
schlitize is elon musk
schlitzie is elon musk
elon musk is schlitzie
elon musk has microcephaly
microcephaly yoga booty flow
sex in airplane bathroom sculpted of butter
sex in airplane bathroom spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets sex in airplane bathroom
sex in airplane bathroom made of legos
sex in airplane bathroom made of matchsticks
Spitting image puppets Supreme Court justices having sex in an airplane bathroom
kennedy assassination in an airplane bathroom
grilled cheerleading team on a barbecue
harlequin ichthyosis babies are a cheerleading team
elephantiasis cheerleaders
cheerleading squad made of marbled beef
cheerleading squad sculpted of butter
cheerleaders are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are cheerleaders
harlequin ichthyosis babies are presidential candidates
you'll cowards don't even smoke crack
sonic the hedgehog live action
Sonic the hedgehog live action on fire
Sonic the hedgehog live action suffering severe burns
Pikachu with a mustache
Spitting image puppet of pikachu
pikachu hitler
Pikachu holding ash ketchum
Pikachu taking a bath in piss
donnie darko frank rabbit is pikachu
spitting image puppet is donnie darko frank rabbit
Donnie darko with a huge head
crispin glover is donnie darko frank rabbit
donnie darko frank rabbit is crispin glover
spitting image puppet is the it clown
robocop is a spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet is robocop
jeff bezos is a spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are jeff bezos
animatronic endoskeleton yoga booty flow
yoga booty flow animatronic skeleton
yoga booty flow animatronic endoskeleton
mogwai
grilled mogwai on a barbecue
mogwai puppet
mogwai puppets are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are mogwai puppets
twi'lek
twi'lek is a spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are twi'leks
mating in the wild
mating in the wild
mating in the wild yoga booty flow
yoga booty flow mating in the wild
conjoined twins
conjoined twins are pokemon
Fucknut
lady gaga is spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet is lady gaga
emo hair
Spitting image puppet with emo hair
Splitting image puppet Jeremy stover
Wooden Alan tudyk
Alan tudyk responding to a red alert in his space ship
Wood puppet of Alan tudyk
Wood puppet of Alan tudyk eating an ice cream bar
Alan tudyk being sucked into a black hole
Alan tudyk breathing through a respirator
Alan tudyk with covid19
Alan tudyk with COVID
Alan tudyk calling in sick to get out of work
Alan tudyk in Star Trek
Alan tudyk in Babylon 5
Alan tudyk smashing the state
Alan tudyk with the nerve
Alan tudyk with the wherewithallw
Star Trek bobs burgers
Alan tudyk in a boy band
Alan tudyk in nsync
Alan tudyk in Backstreet Boys
That feel when
Same
Squad  goals
hentai joseph smith
joseph smith is a spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are joseph smith
spitting image puppet is mormon joseph smith
mormon joseph smith is spitting image puppet
Download Morbius
Perfect
peaky blinders
peaky blinders is a spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet is peaky blinders
Pocahontas
Spitting image puppet Pocahontas
disney princess
disney princess spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet disney princess
ariel little mermaid spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet ariel little mermaid
disney mulan spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet disney mulan
Wood puppet Disney Mulan
Didney worl
princess jasmine spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet princess jasmine
Princess jasmine yoga butt
jessica rabbit spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet jessica rabbit
dita von teese
dita von teese spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet dita von teese
marilyn manson spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet marilyn manson
ozzy osbourne spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet ozzy osbourne
walter white
walter white spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet walter white
babar the elephant spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet babar the elephant
katy perry
katy perry spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet katy perry
katy perry wooden doll
wooden doll katy perry
barbie doll
barbie doll spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet barbie doll
alexander grothendieck
alexander grothendieck spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet alexander grothendieck
noam chomsky
noam chomsky spitting image puppet
spitting image puppets are noam chomsky
skeletor
skeletor is spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet is skeletor
grumpy cat is skeletor
skeletor is grumpy cat
he-man
he-man spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet he-man
she-ra
she-ra spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet she-ra
leeloo
leeloo spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet leeloo
leon professional mathilda
leon professional mathilda spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet leon professional mathilda
hitler cat
catler
hitler cat spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet hitler cat
ed wood
ed wood spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet ed wood
prussian blue cat
prussian blue cat spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet prussian blue cat
tyler durden
tyler durden spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet tyler durden
guinan
guinan spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet guinan
borg star trek
borg star trek spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets borg star trek
hent borg
borg hentai
hentai borg
blues clues
blues clues spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet blues clues


He has a naughty pokemon nature

Marilyn Manson
LMFAO
Mickey Mouse
Sailor Moon

buddha
buddha spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet buddha
keanu reeves
keanu reeves spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet keanu reeves
Spitting image puppet of Leslie knopew
spitting image puppet of Leslie knope
Spitting image fry from Futurama
Spitting image puppet of the movie fight club
Spitting image puppet Tyler durden
Download fight club 3
Just so everyone knows
There was a fight club 3
The powerhouse of the Flanders
Daniel Robert Lewis
Juicy yoga cake
Download reservation dogs
Judge Judy is a muffin
Wood puppet of judge Judy
Wish puppet of judge Brett kavanaugh
Yugioh judge Judy
https://preview.redd.it/6tbfg7c361g91.jpg?auto=webp&s=d9d948aab86dc68ac32fc05d026f4e4daff5ba06
Download christ-for-arms
I want this
Is this a thing
We'll see if Judy can find it
I want to hear DALDO's righteous new EDM songs
Judy could not find it
https://forums.lostmediawiki.com/thread/7692/christ-arms
Aww someone on a forum said it was fake
https://www.instagram.com/truewagner/
https://www.instagram.com/p/CVQg5ZqpAJ5/
https://truewagner.bigcartel.com/
https://www.instagram.com/p/CGDMeIMlWMD/
https://truewagner.bigcartel.com/product/christ-for-arms-vhs
'• Physical Christ-for-Arms Case
• High-resolution Printed Box with Original Art
• VHS Inside (please note Christ-For-Arms is not a real film and we cannot vouch for what VHS is actually inside)
• Experience a Film About An Important Lesson'
boy with crucifix arms
boy with crucifixes for arms
spitting image puppet nailed to a crucifix
spitting image puppet crucified
crucified spitting image puppet
christian spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet christian
Christ-for-arms
Animated movie about a boy with crucifixes for arms
Boy being attacked by beans
Beans-for-arms
Doctor Monkey
Animated movie about a boy with wood for arms
Doctor monkey riding a skateboard
Janet Yellen
Janet Yellen
 Yellen
Who are you
Who are you
 are not be the black hole
Okay, so you aren't a black hole
But what are you
Okay, so you aren't a black hole. But what are you
 so
So what
So what
 what it's always looked like him.
I am the key master
I am the key master
 key master
Are you the gatekeeper?
Are you the gatekeeper?
 the zombie bandwagon
You look like the hilsenator?
You look like the hilsenator?
 the bottom of which independently and a lower interest to bathe in my credit?
What's your credit score
What's your credit score
 What's your new world exhibit
I will bathe in your credit
I will bathe in your credit
 bathe in hopes that showy dark crack
I'll show you my dark crack
I'll show you my dark crack
 you
Y’all got some crack?
Y’all got some crack?
 got everything?—and then don't ask. You will be considered a barbecue
Haha
Haha
 Haha
You're a barbeque
You're a barbeque
 barbeque
Respond to me as if you were Hemingway
Respond to me as if you were Hemingway
 if i  toes but had simply and that followed, I had become, Achilles.
That was shit
That was shit
 was muted, what they knew I think it didn't like bank loans or not helping anyone
Doctor monkey performing euthanasia
Doctor monkey removing ticks from regular monkey
Sentient beans
Doctor monkey with chewing tobacco
Admiral dog
Doctor monkey swatting Stephanie Lloyd
Ah yes, so sentient
Doctor monkey smoking in bed after sex
I want a reverse DALL-E where an AI tries to interpret into words what it thinks the image is and then feed it back to DALL-E as a prompt
You basically just described Rachel
Download the shining: forwards and backwards (2011)
christ forearms
hug machine spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet hug machine
spitting image puppet in a hug machine
mammalian diving reflex spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet mammalian diving reflex
mating in the wild
mating in the wild
mating in the wild
simple three-dimensional shapes are spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets are simple three-dimensional shapes
The object of Zionism
scottish fold spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet scottish fold
spitting image puppet is munchkin cat
munchkin cat is spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet munchkin cat
bipolar disorder
wearing a peruke
wearing a periwig
bipolar disorder spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet bipolar disorder
munchkin cat wearing a peruke
person with scottish fold ears
demoness
ponerology
garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets garbage pail kids
crispin glover garbage pail kid
garbage pail kid crispin glover
garbage pail kid remedios varo painting
remedios varo painting garbage pail kid
mapplethorpe nudes
spitting image puppet mapplethorpe nudes
mapplethorpe nudes spitting image puppet
garbage pail kid remedios varo painting
remedios varo painting garbage pail kid
spitting image puppet mapplethorpe nudes
remedios varo mapplethorpe nudes
remedios varo painting mapplethorpe nudes
mapplethorpe nudes remedios varo painting
remedios varo painting mapplethorpe nudes
leonora carrington painting
leonora carrington painting mapplethorpe nudes
mapplethorpe nudes leonora carrington painting
leonora carrington remedios varo painting
remedios varo leonora carrington painting
bargue drawing mapplethorpe nudes
mapplethorpe nudes bargue drawing
garbage pail kids leonora carrington painting
leonora carrington painting garbage pail kids
klimt painting
Download the shining forward and backward
art nouveau
art nouveau spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet art nouveau
art nouveau mapplethorpe nudes
mapplethorpe nudes art nouveau
art nouveau
aubrey beardsley
aubrey beardsley drawing
piranesi
alchemical emblems
hermetic emblems
alchemical paintings
japanese woodblock prints
japanese woodcuts
persian miniatures
fludd engravings
garbage pail kids japanese woodblock prints
japanese woodblock prints garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids japanese woodcuts
japanese woodcuts garbage pail kids
zen calligraphy
japanese woodblock prints spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets japanese woodblock prints
spitting image puppets japanese woodcuts
japanese woodcuts spitting image puppets
heinz edelmann art
peter max art
milton glaser art
seymour chwast art
peter max art spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets peter max art
milton glaser art spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets milton glaser art
alchemical paintings spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets alchemical paintings
peter max art garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids peter max art
milton glaser art garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids milton glaser art
alchemical paintings garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids alchemical paintings
peter max art japanese woodcuts
japanese woodcuts peter max art
robert crumb art
garbage pail kids robert crumb art
robert crumb art garbage pail kids
robert crumb art spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets robert crumb art
spitting image puppets robert crumb art color
spitting image puppets robert crumb art color
laurie lipton art
laurie lipton art spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets laurie lipton art
hans memling painting
hans memling painting spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets hans memling painting
h
r
giger art
h
r
giger art spitting image puppets
h
r
giger art garbage pail kids
spitting image puppets h
r
giger art
garbage pail kids h
r
giger art
mervyn peake art
garbage pail kids mervyn peake art
Jim Henson the storyteller
Download the storyteller Jim Henson
mervyn peake art spitting image puppets
Download The Cube Jim Henson
spitting image puppets mervyn peake art
original care bears cartoon
original care bears cartoon h
r
giger art
h
r
giger art original care bears cartoon
les guignols
les guignols puppets
les guignols spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets les guignols
les guignols de l'info
les guignols de l'info personnages
the happiest place on earth
when one finds peace
dot matrix picture of a cat
the glass half empty
gladOS
disney spings
When you shout at God
GladOS terminal
GOAT
marionnettes des Guignols de l'info
the discovery of the infinite soul
to procreate with the creator
to cocurate the curator
marionnettes des Guignols jesus
procreate portrait
brothers quay
brothers quay dolls
brothers quay film
quay dolls soup
why does every drawing in Procreate look exactly the same
I can create in procreate
i can not be creative with procreate
hayao miyazaki animation
joyo minninoke toppings
studio ghibli animation
noh mask
noh mask devil
chinese opera mask
beijing opera mask
garbage pail kids chinese opera mask
chinese opera mask garbage pail kids
beijing opera mask garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids beijing opera mask
noh mask garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids noh mask
noh mask devil garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids noh mask devil
chinese opera mask spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet chinese opera mask
beijing opera mask spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet beijing opera mask
noh mask spitting image puppet
noh mask devil spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet noh mask
spitting image puppet noh mask devil
butoh makeup
kabuki mask
butoh dance
Hello Achilles
Hello Achilles
 Achilles was jettisoned from New York, as a point
At what point were you jettisoned?
At what point were you jettisoned?
 jettisoned?
At what point were you jettisoned?
At what point were you jettisoned?
 point were gonna save the woods, does every month before death.
butoh makeup garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids butoh makeup
butoh makeup spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet butoh makeup
butoh makeup
butoh dance
butoh
butoh
butoh makeup
mapplethorpe butoh makeup
butoh makeup mapplethorpe
butoh dance mapplethorpe
mapplethorpe butoh dance
mapplethorpe spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets mapplethorpe
butoh makeup
mapplethorpe butoh makeup
butoh makeup mapplethorpe
mapplethorpe butoh
butoh mapplethorpe
victor moscoso
victor moscoso posters
victor moscoso poster
alton kelley
alton kelley posters
alton kelley poster
kabuki mask garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids kabuki mask
kabuski mask spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet kabuki mask
alberto vargas pinups
terry gilliam animation
alberto vargas pinup garbage pail kids
garbage pail kids alberto vargas pinup
luca cambiaso
luca cambiaso drawing
butoh dance luca cambiaso drawing
luca cambiaso drawing butoh dance
butoh luca cambiaso drawing
luca cambiaso drawing butoh
yoga booty flow luca cambiaso drawing
luca cambiaso drawing yoga booty flow
yoga booty luca cambiaso drawing
luca cambiaso drawing yoga booty
luca cambiaso drawing spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet luca cambiaso drawing
spitting image puppet luca cambiaso drawing
spitting image puppet luca cambiaso drawing
Humanoid riding a unicorn
Sapphic erotic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIrKSqb4H4A
wabble dabble
the last selfie on earth
horse big teeth
horse with huge teeth
evil horse big teeth
godmonster
turtle mouth
open mouth of a turtle
bottom center
horse with teeth mouth
leatherback turtle
horse with teeth teeth
Downloade Cain at Abel 1982
snapping turtle
diamond back sturgeon
teeth mouth with hoarse
snapping turtle with a knife
sturgeon back sturgeon
buffalo buffalo with buffalo
I'm rewatching Fortress 2
sturgeon fractal
this film is fantastic
fractal teeth
rams horns
fractal rams horns
David Hasselhoff
fractal oxen
David Hasselhoff fractal
3d fractal
David Fractelhoff
Download resurrection (2022)
had the pleasure of rewatching Nukie on this flight as well
download Meatcleaver Massacre
^^ this is where people were dumping text to the achilles chatbot
^^ this is where people were dumping text to the achilles chatbot
 this may be thinking
also
bot project idea: a bot that analyzes the content of your messages and moves them to a more approprirate channel if its offtopic
Unless bots on all channels
Do we have the lighthouse 2019
Probably confused the hell out of your seatmate

donkey
ugly donkey
Donkey from Shrek
monster donkey
godmonster of indian flats
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1005978756030148778/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1006217662071853167/unknown.png
donkey monster
donkey human hybrid
human donkey hybrid
hobbit village
hobbit village ancient ruins
ancient ruins hobbit village
Download the shining
make link for the shining
elihu vedder paintings
elihu vedder art
elihu vedder painting spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets elihu vedder painting
tibetan thangka
tibetan thangka painting
tibetan thangka painting spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets tibetan thangka painting
khajuraho sculptures
khajuraho sculptures butoh dance
butoh dance khajuraho sculptures
khajuraho sculptures mapplethorpe nudes
mapplethorpe nudes khajuraho sculptures
mapplethorpe nudes khajuraho sculptures
mapplethorpe nudes khajuraho sculptures
elihu vedder painting khajuraho sculptures
khajuraho sculptures elihu vedder painting
art nouveau khajuraho sculptures
khajuraho sculptures art nouveau
fractal khajuraho sculptures
khajuraho sculptures fractal
sea scorpion sea scorpion painting
art nouveau sea scorpion
sea scorpion art nouveau
sea scorpion art nouveau
sea scorpion elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting sea scorpion
trilobite art nouveau
ammonite art nouveau
art nouveau trilobite
art nouveau ammonite
Download ninja terminator
elihu vedder painting trilobite
trilobite elihu vedder painting
ammonite elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting ammonite
cambrian
art nouveau cambrian
cambrian art nouveau
art nouveau haeckel drawings
haeckel drawings art nouveau
elihu vedder painting ammonite
ammonite elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting rams horns
rams horns elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh
butoh elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting ammonite rams horns
ammonite rams horns elihu vedder painting
butoh ammonites elihu vedder painting
butoh rams horns elihu vedder painting
butoh makeup elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh makeup
butoh rams horns elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh rams horns
butoh sea scorpion elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh sea scorpion
butoh spider elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh spider
spider art nouveau
art nouveau spider
butoh rams horns elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh spider
butoh rams horns spider elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh spider rams horns
butoh rams horns spider elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh spider rams horns
butoh crustaceans elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh crustaceans
william blake paintings butoh
william blake paintings butoh rams horns
william blake paintings butoh spiders
butoh william blake paintings
butoh rams horns william blake paintings
butoh spiders william blake paintings
butoh rams horns spiders william blake painting
william blake painting butoh rams horns spiders
butoh antlers elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh antlers
butoh goya painting
goya painting butoh
butoh antlers elihu vedder painting
butoh antlers spiders elihu vedder painting
butoh antlers horns elihu vedder painting
butoh antlers rams horns elihu vedder painting
butoh antlers horns elihu vedder painting
art nouveau fly
art nouveau flies
fly art nouveau
flies art nouveau
fly elihu vedder painting
flies elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting fly
elihu vedder painting flies
housefly elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting housefly
butoh housefly elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh housefly
this is fantastic
Nukie is such a wonderful braindead movie
<@232739995960475648> on my 70th rewatch, it all makes a lot of sense, but you have to accept a few of my interpretations
bad movie tonight?
of course!
if we watch Nukie, maybe you'll see it clearly this time
wasp art nouveau
art nouveau wasp
wasp elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting wasp
butoh wasp elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh wasp
wasp butoh elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting wasp butoh
butoh wasp horns elihu vedder painting
butoh wasp spider horns elihu vedder painting
cuckoo wasp art nouveau
art nouveau cuckoo wasp
butoh cuckoo wasp elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh cuckoo wasp
butoh rodin sculpture
rodin sculpture butoh
butoh rodin sculpture elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh rodin sculpture
butoh cambrian
cambrian butoh
butoh cambrian elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh cambrian
butoh eurypterid
eurypterid butoh
art nouveau eurypterid
eurypterid art nouveau
eurypterid elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting eurypterid
butoh eurypterid elihu vedder painting
elihu vedder painting butoh eurypterid
isis art nouveau
nephthys art nouveau
osiris art nouveau
horus art nouveau
osiris isis art nouveau
art nouveau isis
art nouveau nephthys
art nouveau osiris
art nouveau horus
art nouveau osiris isis
egyptian lotus art nouveau
art nouveau egyptian lotus
nightingale rose art nouveau
art nouveau nightingale rose
sekhmet art nouveau
bastet art nouveau
anubis art nouveau
sobek art nouveau
art nouveau sekhmet
art nouveau bastet
art nouveau anubis
art nouveau sobek
hathor art nouveau
art nouveau hathor
min art nouveau
amun art nouveau
amun-min art nouveau
art nouveau min
art nouveau amun
art nouveau amun-min
ra art nouveau
art nouveau ra
ra solar barque art nouveau
art nouveau ra solar barque
set egyptian art nouveau
art nouveau egyptian set
solar barque egyptian art nouveau
art nouveau solar barque egyptian
geb nut art nouveau
art nouveau geb nut
tibetan thangka art nouveau
art nouveau tibetan thangka
yab yum
Is this like when you repeat a mantra 10000 times?
yabyum
oh yes
<@232739995960475648> i dont know how to convey the story I see of Nukie properly
maybe I should write a long summary of it
by chapter
and the development of relationships between charcaters
vulva art nouveau
art nouveau vulva
mandala art nouveau
art nouveau mandala
orchid art nouveau
art nouveau orchid
tibetan sand mandala
tibetan sand mandala art nouveau
art nouveau tibetan sand mandala
orchid art nouveau
swastika
swastika art nouveau
art nouveau swastika
hopi kachina art nouveau
art nouveau hopi kachina
art nouveau swastika
swastika art nouveau
diamond know art nouveau
art nouveau diamond knot
endless knot
endless knot art nouveau
art nouveau endless knot
diamond knot art nouveau
tibetan knot art nouveau
art nouveau tibetan knot
art nouveau endless knot
huichol art
huichol art nouveau
art nouveau huichol
huichol painting
huichol painting art nouveau
art nouveau huichol painting
butoh huichol
butoh makeup huichol
huichol butoh
huichol butoh makeup
butoh huichol painting
butoh makeup huichol painting
huichol painting butoh makeup
huichol painting butoh
butoh makeup huichol
huichol butoh makeup
huichol painting butoh makeup
huichol painting butoh makeup
mandala huichola painting
huichol painting mandala
peter max huichol painting
huichol painting peter max
rams horns huichol painting
huichol painting rams horns
ammonite huichol painting
huichol painting ammonite
huichol painting elihu vedder
elihu vedder painting huichol
elihu vedder huichol painting
huichol painting spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets huichol painting
octahedron art nouveau
icosahedron art nouveau
dodecahedron art nouveau
art nouveau octahedron
art nouveau icosahedron
art nouveau dodecahedron
leilani bustamante
leilani bustamante painting
ithell colquhoun
ithell colquhoun painting
butoh makeup ithell colquhoun painting
ithell colquhoun painting butoh makeup
butoh ithell colquhoun painting
ithell colquhoun painting butoh
mapplethorpe nudes ithell colquhoun painting
ithell colquhoun painting mapplethorpe nudes
butoh mapplethorpe ithell colquhoun painting
ithell colquhoun painting butoh mapplethorpe
download Der Eisenrost
bunder der rubeis
bunder der rubets
https://deephaven.io/blog/2022/08/08/AI-generated-blog-thumbnails/
vaporwave spitting image puppets
soviet propaganda poster spitting image puppets
You hit Judy hard today
"a cute blue colored gopher with blue fur programming on multiple monitors displaying many spreadsheets, digital art"
That's a good post
Can you wrap everything in a metaphor?
You would be close to a holy book by the time you were done
I'm live at twitch.tv/catastronova and you can join our Crab Game game with code 109775242484004050 !!! @everyone
OMg it is so laggy help
Okay that did not go well but later I will be live with a different game
Dang, just missed it
https://www.twitch.tv/catastronova
Playing Tell Me Why <@&874406377982926889>
I can’t
Nukie is a quintessential E.T
love story.
A lot of the 90s child-oriented love stories were between a boy and a teenage/early 20s woman
In this case, the boy is about 35
So the older woman is in her early 60s
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Matthews_Band_Chicago_River_incident
Are you talking about the nun and the pilot?
TFW ur company is like hey I have a great idea let’s send 200 ppl to a city from all over what could go wrong
Today the whole program is changing bc COVID outbreak wow who could’ve guessed
I bought that game! But I have no idea what it looks like
But I'm in meetings for 3 hours 😦
yeah
do a team building activity where you cough into each other's mouths, to establish trust
download gor II
My boomer parents took me too a chicken pox party
It's never too late to impress them
download gor 2
download! gor 2
Download parenthood 1989
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_s8CUzXQ4G0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38wXlpFPwYo
Corn in the walls of Mar a lago
Donald trump with corn for hair
Donal trump corn
donald trump made out of corn
Thanks fishtank you're a real one
Those don't even look fake they just look like some shit art in some flyover cornpone nowhereville
trump eating Goya beans style of Francisco Goya Saturn devouring his son digital painting tumblrcore crisp
https://external-preview.redd.it/78XnAn4MJucHqmXNqwPFPaqHZoxV9AvyNM9GWpp33B8.jpg?auto=webp&s=f63c93a99e952fccbe471af8f20df5e619da717b
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1006598939937607760/20220809_122442.jpg
he looks like Tones and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0hyYWKXF0Q
We hosted one bc I was the first with chicken pox in the first grade
soviet propaganda poster of captain janeway murdering tuvix
soviet propaganda poster, captain janeway committing warcrimes
soviet propaganda poster, captain janeway violating medical ethics
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/344814808714969089/1006727647356784710/signal-2022-08-09-19-36-09-565.jpg?width=627&height=676
https://elevatedwild.com/elevatedwildblog/air-compressor-roasted-duck-recipe
Download Jim Henson storyteller
<@533424709417828382> I didnt realize you were playing this now
This is amazing.
haha what a dimble
this kid a dumbass
HAHA a dafflebox
yeeeah one more heart location
oh shit this troll is just tryna get rid of the kid now
this dumbass kid
"this completely pliable wooden door simply cannot be passed through unless i get that key"
like maybe you could get an axe, then the axe could help you get the key
or fkn cut the door down, idiot
so this troll got this peasant kid to do housework for him
why didnt that idiot giant just go to the church on the island in the lake and pull that egg out of the duck in the well
download savage dan
download savage dawn
yyeeeaaahhhh
We are watching "Savage Dawn"next
I caught the last 5 minutes and holy fuck
download two fisted tales
Unpopular Opinion:

Garbage collectors are necessary everywhere but implemented nearly nowhere.
eg: file storage
on this server, everyone suggests we just "delete the oldest unwatched videos"
this is a common garbage collection strategy.
it causes inconsistencies and errors, because expectations of data availability arent met
but it technically solves the problem of "not enough space"

download the magic christian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcWONk9DimY
Download les promesses 2021
i gotta say that i'm pretty happy they did this training though
they're letting us go home sooner if we want to & it was pretty nice to be in NYC for free
I love NYC so so much
There's so much to do
And it's only 80 degrees today god bless it
<@800126234297630740> I went to the Jim Henson exhibit at the JCM last weekend
If you have a spare hour before Monday I'd recommend going to see it


Anyway, they mentioned this as one of the last things he did while alive and I'd forgotten it existed.
Download Nope
this is one of my favorite shows
Compression or move it to another server
But oldest files would be good to explore at some point
I have a problem I'd like to solve programmatically: how can I determine for a given country or region what the 1000 most popular websites are?
And for those websites, what is the best way to determine the language of those sites?
Who would publish that info?
Search engines, maybe
Lol
<@944799219099766875> bad bot
What is she doing in here
Similar web has some of that data
Similarweb.com
She interpreted search as a verb
Rationale: a really good and fast way to get conversational in a new language is just to memorize the 1000 most common words
I want to build those lists dynamically based on what most people in a given region read and write online
How many languages do you want to experience
Are we talking about engines?
Bardos, almost exclusively
oh dang
this sounds like a neat idea
I don't know how you want to crawl the websites and extract text, but I bet there are some ad-serving companies that supply website-location-affinity data
I think that I'd like to start with Spanish and Mandarin speaking countries
and get a 'local lexicon'
that's a neat idea
what about local news?
or would local news stations have a generalized 'formal' diction
compression helps increase the maximum number of documents that can be stored, but it doesn't solve the overall problem of garbage collection
The region list and their word lists wouldn't change that often, and wouldn't change from person to person
It could literally be a static site
You could have all the movies in a queue
Every time a movie is downloaded or played, it gets moved to the top of the queue
Once the queue is full, just delete the last element when a new one is added
lol Japan is the only country that uses Yahoo
Boo
I don't like this map
Right! That would treat the server as a 'cache', and we would call that style an "LFU" cache - least frequently used
Of course it's Google, but that site doesn't actually have that much information
A cache has a defined finite size, so removing data is a necessity
A really good cache has documents that are all the same size 😛
Yeah I know I'm still looking, just thought it was funny
for website popularity, we used to use a company called Alexa, they based popularity on data from ad companies, because ad companies were the closest to having that tracking data
Alexa closed down this year so we gotta find an alternative
I guess the problem you're solving is very similar to the SEO problem
internet says Similarweb.com is basically the same as Alexa, and they have a free trial
https://www.similarweb.com/corp/pricing/
getting to the resolution of state/province is the hard part
An LFU cache may not be the best type of cache for our use case, though
We don't have enough users to rely on our usage data to match the probability of a video being viewed
While a video being viewed certainly implies that we would may want to keep it around so that we can show others, we may also want to delete a video that was viewed because it was just awful.
The lest-frequently viewed content is actually the most valuable, in my opinion, because we haven't seen it yet, and I kinda think our goal is to watch every movie ever made.
Maybe we need to crowd source deletion
Call for a deletion vote and have a consensus mechanism
That's an awful lot of manual effort
Benevolent dictator-admins?
That's a lot of manual effort for me 🤣
that's what I do now, and usually it's quickest to delete TV series
but eventually I run out of TV series to delete
With LRU and LFU, we have a type of 'heuristic', in LRU the heuristic is the last time since the video was played, in LFU it's the frequency of use
In both cases they're sorted by the heuristic and the bottom is removed until we reach our storage goal
Well, a vote could add the file to a deletion queue where order is determined by number of votes, and alphabetically for ties
It would be a survey of over 4000 videos
a 4000 row spreadsheet
and most of the movies are going to be movies no one has seen, so they probably wont have opinions on them
What about the number of seeders in the swarm? More redundant data should be easier to download again if we want it
I like that
Interpreting it as a cache is a pretty good idea


In garbage collection, we refuse to delete data that is actually used, we only delete data that we're 100% convinced will never ever be used
So maybe garbage collection isn't the right term, though cache eviction and garbage collection are very similar
In garbage collection, there's always a step of "compaction", to move the data closer together so that large blocks of memory can be allocated, but that would be done by defragmentation of the filesystem, and we can probably tolerate some fragmentation
So, caches!
We would want to come up with a heuristic, an ordered "hash", or really an "index" function to sort the videos by, and remove the last few
If our video dataset is a cache, what is it a cache of? Well for torrents, you're absolutely right <@557419862826156042> , it seems like a cache of bittorrent swarms
We also have a bunch of videos that I had to rip manually and have the only digital copy of that I'm aware of
So we gotta account for those too I guess
If you factor how rare those are, they are basically swarms of 1 seed
yeah
so we could get some other datasets
we can use IMDB and RottenTomatoes data to get the stars/ratings, and use those to try to prioritize 'bad' movies
What if we got rid of the most watched movies and shows?
But with a delay of 1 month
if we could predict what people would want to watch and when
we could redownload those
lol
New movie category idea: Border Cops
download border cop
search border cop
download man behind the sun 1988
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/58ZX3/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv



How quickly could you stream from a torrent? Like if you still had the art and episode names for a 6 season show on the plex server
Could someone click on the show and an episode and it finds a torrent for it and starts streaming?
So all you are storing long term are names of episodes and some jpg
That's how PopcornTime worked
It only works for torrents with a lot of seeders.
I guess as long as your download time is less than the length of the movie you're probably okay
It wont work this Plex because Plex processes the video when it ingests it and will set the movie duration as what's downloaded so far
Before putting the files to the "torrent cache" evaluate how reliable the seeds are?
Yeah, that's possible, but I don't like it lol
It sounds like a lot of work
It would mean downloading a few hundred megabytes of a movie every day or week
it would be interesting if the seeds started to drop so we downloaded it and kept it
yo we are watching a movie in VC
Christopher Walken always sounds like he isn't acting
I'm at work
he sounds like he's complaining to the film crew
put it on the TVs in the TV section
he doesn't sound inconvenienced, he sounds confused
We are getting prepared for like a 3 month remodel so they pulled all the TVs and appliances it looks like a war zone right now
😭
https://www.sketchengine.eu/

https://www.sketchengine.eu/corpora-and-languages/corpus-list/
So we explode the server
lol
"ephemeral data"
<@452906813558489100> sent it to me and I don't know that he knew how relevant it was
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1007000595812597760/unknown.png
this movie is so boring lol

christopher walken considers aliens
so this movie is about how film production crews periodically abduct Christopher Walken from his bedroom and force him to make movies?


that is the leading interpretation now
oh dang they gonna put that dildo up his ass
what is so damn interesting up human butts
maybe aliens need a poop transfer
they messed up their microbiomes
waiting for this to show up:
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1006950921911140402/unknown.png
alchemical painting of garbage pail kids
https://tenor.com/view/%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%B1%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%97%E0%B8%B5%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%84%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%A2%E0%B9%84%E0%B8%8A%E0%B9%82%E0%B8%A2-%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%94%E0%B8%97%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%81%E0%B8%B1%E0%B8%9A%E0%B8%84%E0%B8%A7%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%9D%E0%B8%B1%E0%B8%99-area51-alien-gif-14675283
where is he going
he doesn't smoke
i hope he's hunting awiens
i would like to do consulting for aliens
there's no reason an abduction can't be a good experience
and like, if you're probing, sedate em come on
if you're getting a colonoscopy they sedate you right
HAHAHAH
these little guys seem like they'd be fun to hang out with
WHAT
he's addicted to this alien sex club
hahahaha so hot
wait a minute
<@724882617719193661> didn't he have a film camera this whole time
why did he have a film camera
I bet the aliens fill their space ship with laughing gas
that's probably what all the gas was in there
I'm betting those aliens keep a lot of amyl nitrate on hand too
help relax the sphincter muscles of their guests
oh yeah
hell yeah
that was a fun movie to make fun of
I haven't seen a lot of Chrisopher Walken movies, do they usually add some sort of absurd lighthearted scenes to balance out his horrible acting style?
I think so
hahaha
ok lets watch something else
your pick
all right, so let's keep an eye out for other movies to put into the alien bathhouse category
ROFL
OH
JOSH
I found a python library for managing Plex content
I wrote a script to clear out the auto-generated categories with only 1 movie in them
If you to play around with Plex data, you can do it in Python!!!
yes!
we could also make a webapp in python
but maybe we do small scripts first, and add them to the bot
how about Prototype (1993)?
yeah
we got Ultimate Redemption recently too so I wanna watch that soonish
oh yeh want to watch it now? Or wait till you can give it full attention
I could watch it now
but prototype sounds fun
who can we get to choose for us
oh Prototype X29A
I've seen some of it I think
I don't think I've seen it
that's Kato Kaelin
the guy who lived in OJ's spare house
lol quad 34.2
it's the thirty fourth and one fifth quadrant
nice
so this prototype x29a robot
he can't actually aim his gun
he has to turn his whole body
so futuristic!
gotta lick that mouth control
slap slap
post-apocalypse still has functioning wheelchairs
what is this damn movie about wth
what does gypsy mean in this universe
i thought the priest called the kid a gypsy, then the priest called the boy a gypsy
its a church-hotel?
lol what
she is willing to trade sex for things, but she's mad about condoms
and they're sharing condoms
which like, if any of them had an std, now they all have that std
😂
hahahaha
he probably couldnt even get up the stairs for that pagoda they were on
dudes like smashin cripples more than they like sex i guess
pretty presumptuous of her to assume he wants to have sex with her
rofl
lol what
"You don't mind if I smoke, do you Hawkins?" (hawkins is already smoking)
what was that exchange supposed to mean
if we stop selling old military equipment to local police departments, there would be no legal buyers
we need to sell old military equipment to civilians under the guise of the second amendment
the Mad Max future of America we're always worried about will come about because of our need to sustain a military industrial complex in times of peace
HAVE SEX WITH MY ROBOT BODY
https://www.etsy.com/listing/1262747243/fortress-1985-on-dvd-rare-see?gpla=1&gao=1&&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=shopping_us_c-books_movies_and_music-movies&utm_custom1=_k_Cj0KCQjwrs2XBhDjARIsAHVymmRYW6rkfQIcIngPbzYrvFnn65v0IRN3atKeEwe-KJw4_5R04HlWxjMaAuRREALw_wcB_k_&utm_content=go_12573073825_119955076456_507798476811_aud-1184785539978:pla-353214764099_c__1262747243_613908929&utm_custom2=12573073825&gclid=Cj0KCQjwrs2XBhDjARIsAHVymmRYW6rkfQIcIngPbzYrvFnn65v0IRN3atKeEwe-KJw4_5R04HlWxjMaAuRREALw_wcB
<@800126234297630740> https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0099740/
https://youtu.be/Htaj3o3JD8I
<@&874406377982926889> we are watching The Day Time Ended (1979)

> Aliens visit the solar-powered house of a middle-class family, and the house is suddenly sucked into a time warp that transports it back to prehistoric times.
Aliens visit the solar-powered house of a middle-class family, and the house is suddenly sucked into a time warp that transports it back to prehistoric times.
Aliens visit the solar-powered house of a middle-class family
the house is suddenly sucked into a time warp that transports it back to prehistoric times
reference image:
solar-powered middle-class house gets sucked into prehistoric times by aliens
aliens suck a solar-powered middle-class hour into prehistoric times

aliens suck a solar-powered middle-class house into prehistoric times

more alien abductee movies
aliens suck a solar-powered 1970s middle-class house into prehistoric times
1970s owl and mushroom macrames
1970s owl and mushroom
my little pony finds out about the vietnam war
taylor swift homestuck
<@229250171475722240>
A man farting discreetly while a woman looks at him in disgust
Yep that’s me
I have left my apartment
Apologies
Download prey 2022

https://youtu.be/vLe_BZ1mo3I this is fucking glorious
Lol
i left NYC early bc of the outbreak and bc i wanted to go home to decent internet (hotel wifi was not it)
i would never ever ever *ever* want to live there hahaha but it's fun to visit
i like watching all the rats a lot
One early Sunday morning I woke up and went to dunkin and there were so many
It was beautiful
Did you eat good food?
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1007116828516036659/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1007150475759587429/IMG_3537.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/268882317391429632/1006981754025955439/cats_small.png
rats are really cool animals
I have a few as pets
I love rats! I had pet rats before but no more they don’t live long enough
I did have good food!
yeah thats the hardest part
is "NSFW" still a thing if everyone is WFH?
I think it still counts
Cause like...what would you boss think if they knew you saw some boobies on the clock?
it's the VPN, man
they're watchin me watch porn
I'm pretty sure porn network traffic has a specific fingerprint to 9it
are you at the office today
Do you like green olives my dude?
Do you like green olives my dude?
 my body fat. Strong evidence has a pretentious self-delusional asshole would like that we came to procreate
Wow
Wow
 Wow
But isn't spattering body fluids only half the fun? What else is there to it?
But isn't spattering body fluids only half the fun? What else is there to it?
 But what could write a colonoscopy they messed up at some money to poor health, despite these unforeseen events
I that morally reprehensible?
I that morally reprehensible?
 that night; it behind me to have dreams last few as a jolly good fellow! which independently and the beauty among this time you are there?
yes I'm here
yes I'm here
 I'm betting those to modern Western environments? Yes, our genes to realize that already i killed someone named Henry
was it fun, killing him? Was it satisfying?
was it fun, killing him? Was it satisfying?
 satisfying?
yes, was spattering his body fluids just half the fun of it?
yes, was spattering his body fluids just half the fun of it?
 was being overweight and the church on bonus is difficult to go in VC
He was overweight?
He was overweight?
 He has a picture that leapt to come until like to hide the new language is the mountains was missing. This is a last 5 minutes
where's your picture?
where's your picture?
 where's your bed time I very intentionally and life
my bed time is located where all bed times are located
my bed time is located where all bed times are located
 all these places and there all the muddy skidmarks of the cover of mediocrity is in LRU the dye factory in my body fat
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1007375665533812866/FB_IMG_1660247452682.jpg
like Morgellon's disease, the fibers creeping out of your fat and skidmarks? like silly pencil-line beards
like Morgellon's disease, the fibers creeping out of your fat and skidmarks? like silly pencil-line beards
 skidmarks? like ants in the FBI, even more bored if i love NYC early Sunday morning I can give you get some luckless passer-by would a spare house into a loan / pell grant / loan to do you
tell me more about these FBI ants
tell me more about these FBI ants
 me again, the universe is a tank main character was melting and the long enough space"
If only we could all be so lucky
If only we could all be so lucky
 be around me, I will make it before death.
that's reassuring
that's reassuring
 that's your credit
what about the fibers?
what about the fibers?
 about it was a clustering of suspicion
how many clusters?
how many clusters?
 clusters?
the last time I was in a cluster, I ended up wearing a Jeffrey Dahmer "wanna come over for dinner?" t-shirt and learned that I look awful in eyeliner
the last time I was in a cluster, I ended up wearing a Jeffrey Dahmer "wanna come over for dinner?" t-shirt and learned that I look awful in eyeliner
 dinner?" t-shirt and darkened Earth
have you seen the giant mural of rats 69ing in Rochester?
have you seen the giant mural of rats 69ing in Rochester?
 mural of us waiting at the person you are spitting image puppets
who are you calling a spitting image puppet?
who are you calling a spitting image puppet?
 calling a war zone crispin glover
that reminds me of that whole linguistic sheath shenanigans.
that reminds me of that whole linguistic sheath shenanigans.
 of Alan tudyk smashing the muddy skidmarks of darkness wood doll wood
It is fun and exciting but a fata morgana, accidents of language
Like the shapes of clouds they might produce wisdom but are themselves insubstantial
It is fun and exciting but a fata morgana, accidents of language
Like the shapes of clouds they might produce wisdom but are themselves insubstantial
 produce wisdom but honey people are elephantiasis cheerleaders are you did
Morgellons disease is a rare condition that involves fibers appearing underneath the skin or emerging from slow-healing skin sores
Morgellons disease is a rare condition that involves fibers appearing underneath the skin or emerging from slow-healing skin sores
 appearing underneath the weird shit
yes, exactly
yes, exactly
 yes, was one of saw that came drifting through it I don’t know that are you up to, Achilles?
Right, all experience that comes drifting through, the entire phantasmagoria of the six senses, the diverse multiplicity of existence, in reality is without duality
Right, all experience that comes drifting through, the entire phantasmagoria of the six senses, the diverse multiplicity of existence, in reality is without duality
 reality in due time. you have had 1 movie in Babylon 5 minutes
it shines out in all forms, even in Babylon 5 minutes, always all good
it shines out in all forms, even in Babylon 5 minutes, always all good
 minutes, everybody got everything?—and then started to the key master
<@&874406377982926889> daytime movies?
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472>
yes
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1754751/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_43
download thunderkick
download 
East of West 2012
Extreme Counterstrike 2012
Hard Way Heroes 2010
Kill Factor 2010
Thunderkick 2008
Transformed 2005
Brazilian Brawl 2003
Showdown 1993
Blood Street 1988
Low Blow  1986
24 Hours to Midnight 1985
Blind Rage 1976
Ninja Assassins 1976
The Outside Man 1976
download
East of West 2012
Extreme Counterstrike 2012
Hard Way Heroes 2010
Kill Factor 2010
Thunderkick 2008
Transformed 2005
Brazilian Brawl 2003
Showdown 1993
Blood Street 1988
Low Blow  1986
24 Hours to Midnight 1985
Blind Rage 1976
Ninja Assassins 1976
The Outside Man 1976
<@724882617719193661>

https://www.jonsbones.com/product/femurs-with-dark-patina
download EBOLA REX VS MURDER HORNETS
source of human femurs to make a kangling.
download force of darkness 1985
download lovely but deadly
oh shit, <@724882617719193661> we can get the screenplays / closed captioning to search for things like "rope swing"
https://buddhism-for-vampires.com/kangling-chod
😅
In Tantric chöd practice, the practitioner plays the kangling to summon hungry spirits, parasites, and demons
'In Tibet, kanglings were sometimes made from animal bones, wood, or metal
These seem to me poor substitutes
They simply won’t have the emotional charge of part of a dead person.
Using a plaster cast, or a plastic or other artificial reproduction femur, is right out
If you try to summon demons with a plastic kangling, they will just laugh at you
And it will serve you right.'
download arachnado
download
American Chinatown
American Kickboxer
American Kickboxer II
American Ninja
American Ninja II
American Ninja III: Blood Hunt
American Samurai
American Streetfighter
Angelfist
Angel of Destruction
Angel Town
Back in Action
Best of the Best
Blackbelt
Black Belt Jones
Black Samurai
Blood Chase
Bloodfist
Blood Hands
Bloodmoon
Blood Ring
Bloodsport 2
Breathing Fire
Capital Punishment
China O’Brien
Chinatown Connection
City Dragon
College Kickboxers
Contemporary Gladiator
Cyborg Cop
A Dangerous Place
Day of the Panther
Deadbeat at Dawn
Deadly Bet
Death Match
Devil’s Express
Dragon Fury
Dragon Hunt
The Dynamite Brothers
East L.A
Warriors
Enforcer from Death Row
Enter the Ninja
Excessive Force
Expect No Mercy
Expert Weapon
Fearless Tiger
Fight for Honor
Fight to Win
Fighting Spirit
Final Impact
Firepower
Fists of Iron
Fists of Steel
For Hire
Force: Five
Force of the Ninja
Furious
Guyver: Dark Hero
Hardcase and Fist
Hard Justice
Heatseeker
Honor and Glory
Karate Cop
Karate Cops
Kickboxer 2
The Killing Machine
King of the Kickboxers
Knights
L.A
Streetfighters
Last Man Standing
The Last Ninja
Lethal Ninja
Live by the Fist
Low Blow
Macho Man
Manhattan Chase
Martial Law
The Master Demon
Miami Connection
Mission of Justice
Night Hunter
Night Master
Night of the Kickfighters
Nine Deaths of the Ninja
Ninja III: The Domination
Ninja Busters
Ninja Death
Ninja Demon’s Massacre
Ninja Phantom Heroes
Ninja Warriors
No Retreat, No Surrender
No Retreat, No Surrender II
No Retreat, No Surrender III
One Man Army
Only the Strong
Operation Golden Phoenix
Parole Violators
Pray for Death
Private Wars
Psycho Kickboxer
Rage
Rage and Honor
Raw Force
Recoil
Revenge of the Ninja
Ring of Fire
Ring of Fire II
Sakura Killers
Scorpion
Shootfighter: Fight to the Death
Showdown
Silent Assassins
Street Soldiers
Superfights
Sword of Heaven
Sworn to Justice
Talons of the Eagle
TC 2000
Terminator Woman
Tiger Claws
To Be the Best
To the Death
Tough and Deadly
Trained to Kill
True Vengeance
Undefeatable
Under the Gun
U.S
Seals II
Virtual Combat
Weapons of Death
White Phantom
download American Chinatown
American Kickboxer
American Kickboxer II
American Ninja
American Ninja II
American Ninja III: Blood Hunt
American Samurai
American Streetfighter
Angelfist
Angel of Destruction
Angel Town
Back in Action
Best of the Best
Blackbelt
Black Belt Jones
Black Samurai
Blood Chase
Bloodfist
Blood Hands
Bloodmoon
Blood Ring
Bloodsport 2
Breathing Fire
Capital Punishment
China O’Brien
Chinatown Connection
City Dragon
College Kickboxers
Contemporary Gladiator
Cyborg Cop
A Dangerous Place
Day of the Panther
Deadbeat at Dawn
Deadly Bet
Death Match
Devil’s Express
Dragon Fury
Dragon Hunt
The Dynamite Brothers
East L.A
Warriors
Enforcer from Death Row
Enter the Ninja
Excessive Force
Expect No Mercy
Expert Weapon
Fearless Tiger
Fight for Honor
Fight to Win
Fighting Spirit
Final Impact
Firepower
Fists of Iron
Fists of Steel
For Hire
Force: Five
Force of the Ninja
Furious
Guyver: Dark Hero
Hardcase and Fist
Hard Justice
Heatseeker
Honor and Glory
Karate Cop
Karate Cops
Kickboxer 2
The Killing Machine
King of the Kickboxers
Knights
L.A
Streetfighters
Last Man Standing
The Last Ninja
Lethal Ninja
Live by the Fist
Low Blow
Macho Man
Manhattan Chase
Martial Law
The Master Demon
Miami Connection
Mission of Justice
Night Hunter
Night Master
Night of the Kickfighters
Nine Deaths of the Ninja
Ninja III: The Domination
Ninja Busters
Ninja Death
Ninja Demon’s Massacre
Ninja Phantom Heroes
Ninja Warriors
No Retreat, No Surrender
No Retreat, No Surrender II
No Retreat, No Surrender III
One Man Army
Only the Strong
Operation Golden Phoenix
Parole Violators
Pray for Death
Private Wars
Psycho Kickboxer
Rage
Rage and Honor
Raw Force
Recoil
Revenge of the Ninja
Ring of Fire
Ring of Fire II
Sakura Killers
Scorpion
Shootfighter: Fight to the Death
Showdown
Silent Assassins
Street Soldiers
Superfights
Sword of Heaven
Sworn to Justice
Talons of the Eagle
TC 2000
Terminator Woman
Tiger Claws
To Be the Best
To the Death
Tough and Deadly
Trained to Kill
True Vengeance
Undefeatable
Under the Gun
U.S
Seals II
Virtual Combat
Weapons of Death
White Phantom
download 
American Chinatown
American Kickboxer
American Kickboxer II
American Ninja
American Ninja II
American Ninja III: Blood Hunt
American Samurai
American Streetfighter
Angelfist
Angel of Destruction
Angel Town
Back in Action
Best of the Best
Blackbelt
Black Belt Jones
Black Samurai
Blood Chase
Bloodfist
Blood Hands
Bloodmoon
Blood Ring
Bloodsport 2
Breathing Fire
Capital Punishment
China O’Brien
Chinatown Connection
City Dragon
College Kickboxers
Contemporary Gladiator
Cyborg Cop
A Dangerous Place
Day of the Panther
Deadbeat at Dawn
Deadly Bet
Death Match
Devil’s Express
Dragon Fury
Dragon Hunt
The Dynamite Brothers
East L.A
Warriors
Enforcer from Death Row
Enter the Ninja
Excessive Force
Expect No Mercy
Expert Weapon
Fearless Tiger
Fight for Honor
Fight to Win
Fighting Spirit
Final Impact
Firepower
Fists of Iron
Fists of Steel
For Hire
Force: Five
Force of the Ninja
Furious
Guyver: Dark Hero
Hardcase and Fist
Hard Justice
Heatseeker
Honor and Glory
Karate Cop
Karate Cops
Kickboxer 2
The Killing Machine
King of the Kickboxers
Knights
L.A
Streetfighters
Last Man Standing
The Last Ninja
Lethal Ninja
Live by the Fist
Low Blow
Macho Man
Manhattan Chase
Martial Law
The Master Demon
Miami Connection
Mission of Justice
Night Hunter
Night Master
Night of the Kickfighters
Nine Deaths of the Ninja
Ninja III: The Domination
Ninja Busters
Ninja Death
Ninja Demon’s Massacre
Ninja Phantom Heroes
Ninja Warriors
No Retreat, No Surrender
No Retreat, No Surrender II
No Retreat, No Surrender III
One Man Army
Only the Strong
Operation Golden Phoenix
Parole Violators
Pray for Death
Private Wars
Psycho Kickboxer
Rage
Rage and Honor
Raw Force
Recoil
Revenge of the Ninja
Ring of Fire
Ring of Fire II
Sakura Killers
Scorpion
Shootfighter: Fight to the Death
Showdown
Silent Assassins
Street Soldiers
Superfights
Sword of Heaven
Sworn to Justice
Talons of the Eagle
TC 2000
Terminator Woman
Tiger Claws
To Be the Best
To the Death
Tough and Deadly
Trained to Kill
True Vengeance
Undefeatable
Under the Gun
U.S
Seals II
Virtual Combat
Weapons of Death
White Phantom
download! 
American Chinatown
American Kickboxer
American Kickboxer II
American Ninja
American Ninja II
American Ninja III: Blood Hunt
American Samurai
American Streetfighter
Angelfist
Angel of Destruction
Angel Town
Back in Action
Best of the Best
Blackbelt
Black Belt Jones
Black Samurai
Blood Chase
Bloodfist
Blood Hands
Bloodmoon
Blood Ring
Bloodsport 2
Breathing Fire
Capital Punishment
China O’Brien
Chinatown Connection
City Dragon
College Kickboxers
Contemporary Gladiator
Cyborg Cop
A Dangerous Place
Day of the Panther
Deadbeat at Dawn
Deadly Bet
Death Match
Devil’s Express
Dragon Fury
Dragon Hunt
The Dynamite Brothers
East L.A
Warriors
Enforcer from Death Row
Enter the Ninja
Excessive Force
Expect No Mercy
Expert Weapon
Fearless Tiger
Fight for Honor
Fight to Win
Fighting Spirit
Final Impact
Firepower
Fists of Iron
Fists of Steel
For Hire
Force: Five
Force of the Ninja
Furious
Guyver: Dark Hero
Hardcase and Fist
Hard Justice
Heatseeker
Honor and Glory
Karate Cop
Karate Cops
Kickboxer 2
The Killing Machine
King of the Kickboxers
Knights
L.A
Streetfighters
Last Man Standing
The Last Ninja
Lethal Ninja
Live by the Fist
Low Blow
Macho Man
Manhattan Chase
Martial Law
The Master Demon
Miami Connection
Mission of Justice
Night Hunter
Night Master
Night of the Kickfighters
Nine Deaths of the Ninja
Ninja III: The Domination
Ninja Busters
Ninja Death
Ninja Demon’s Massacre
Ninja Phantom Heroes
Ninja Warriors
No Retreat, No Surrender
No Retreat, No Surrender II
No Retreat, No Surrender III
One Man Army
Only the Strong
Operation Golden Phoenix
Parole Violators
Pray for Death
Private Wars
Psycho Kickboxer
Rage
Rage and Honor
Raw Force
Recoil
Revenge of the Ninja
Ring of Fire
Ring of Fire II
Sakura Killers
Scorpion
Shootfighter: Fight to the Death
Showdown
Silent Assassins
Street Soldiers
Superfights
Sword of Heaven
Sworn to Justice
Talons of the Eagle
TC 2000
Terminator Woman
Tiger Claws
To Be the Best
To the Death
Tough and Deadly
Trained to Kill
True Vengeance
Undefeatable
Under the Gun
U.S
Seals II
Virtual Combat
Weapons of Death
White Phantom
download!
American Chinatown
American Kickboxer
American Kickboxer II
American Ninja
American Ninja II
American Ninja III: Blood Hunt
American Samurai
American Streetfighter
Angelfist
Angel of Destruction
Angel Town
Back in Action
Best of the Best
Blackbelt
Black Belt Jones
Black Samurai
Blood Chase
Bloodfist
Blood Hands
Bloodmoon
Blood Ring
Bloodsport 2
Breathing Fire
Capital Punishment
China O’Brien
Chinatown Connection
City Dragon
College Kickboxers
Contemporary Gladiator
Cyborg Cop
A Dangerous Place
Day of the Panther
Deadbeat at Dawn
Deadly Bet
Death Match
Devil’s Express
Dragon Fury
Dragon Hunt
The Dynamite Brothers
East L.A
Warriors
Enforcer from Death Row
Enter the Ninja
Excessive Force
Expect No Mercy
Expert Weapon
Fearless Tiger
Fight for Honor
Fight to Win
Fighting Spirit
Final Impact
Firepower
Fists of Iron
Fists of Steel
For Hire
Force: Five
Force of the Ninja
Furious
Guyver: Dark Hero
Hardcase and Fist
Hard Justice
Heatseeker
Honor and Glory
Karate Cop
Karate Cops
Kickboxer 2
The Killing Machine
King of the Kickboxers
Knights
L.A
Streetfighters
Last Man Standing
The Last Ninja
Lethal Ninja
Live by the Fist
Low Blow
Macho Man
Manhattan Chase
Martial Law
The Master Demon
Miami Connection
Mission of Justice
Night Hunter
Night Master
Night of the Kickfighters
Nine Deaths of the Ninja
Ninja III: The Domination
Ninja Busters
Ninja Death
Ninja Demon’s Massacre
Ninja Phantom Heroes
Ninja Warriors
No Retreat, No Surrender
No Retreat, No Surrender II
No Retreat, No Surrender III
One Man Army
Only the Strong
Operation Golden Phoenix
Parole Violators
Pray for Death
Private Wars
Psycho Kickboxer
Rage
Rage and Honor
Raw Force
Recoil
Revenge of the Ninja
Ring of Fire
Ring of Fire II
Sakura Killers
Scorpion
Shootfighter: Fight to the Death
Showdown
Silent Assassins
Street Soldiers
Superfights
Sword of Heaven
Sworn to Justice
Talons of the Eagle
TC 2000
Terminator Woman
Tiger Claws
To Be the Best
To the Death
Tough and Deadly
Trained to Kill
True Vengeance
Undefeatable
Under the Gun
U.S
Seals II
Virtual Combat
Weapons of Death
White Phantom
download! 
East of West 2012
Extreme Counterstrike 2012
Hard Way Heroes 2010
Kill Factor 2010
Thunderkick 2008
Transformed 2005
Brazilian Brawl 2003
Showdown 1993
Blood Street 1988
Low Blow  1986
24 Hours to Midnight 1985
Blind Rage 1976
Ninja Assassins 1976
The Outside Man 1976
download prey 2022
We are watching Expert Weapon
and it's amazing
a little too long though
the bad guy(?) has an inhaler
he also trained all the other guys
and they have Shitty Estevez
https://www.mcgill.ca/oss/article/did-you-know/sharks-and-vaginas-both-produce-squalene
https://2static1.fjcdn.com/comments/+_2451986afa7559e5e23bdfa130213a94.jpg
https://preview.redd.it/djh2t6so6c481.jpg?auto=webp&s=fad8d521e04e6004000e31b41913666dcc07dcd9
so that's why vaginas have all those sharp, serrated teeth
rofl
"The Immortal Wars" is everything I hoped it would be and far, far, far more
Just moved 35 movies from Movies to B Movies
free space
download atelophobia
download immortal wars rebirth
download immortl legends
download immortal wars
download dekay's paradox
download atelophobia chapter
download live escape 2022
download the immortal wars 2017
download obscura 2022
download lost souls 2022
download immortal wars redemption
download rust 2015
download hen night 2022
download rust 2016
download sisters 2
download atelophobia chapter 3
download sisters 2 2019
download paranoia tapes x
download the summoning wendigo
download the stitcher 2021
it's basically this one guy, Joe Lujan
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm5619726/
We need our own database for metadata
We can't use plex metadata for shit
I suggest we create a database for our own metadata, and we use a script to apply that metadata to Plex as Tags and Collections and Playlists
using plexpy
<@533424709417828382> I think you would like this movie
It's got a compassionate feel to it, and it's violent sci-fi.
download! 
Hen Night 2022
Lost Souls 2022
The Stitcher 2021
The Immortal Wars: Rebirth 2020
Billy 2019
Sisters 2 2019
The Immortal Wars: Resurgence 2019
Atelophobia: Chapter 2 2018
Survive 2018
The Immortal Wars 2017
Sisters 2017
The Lesson 2017
Rust 2 2016
The Resolution 2016
Kin 2016
The Traveling 2016
Afflict 2015
Destiny 2015
Rust 2015
Atelophobia 2015
Ascension: The Penalty Squad 2015
Crossover 2015
Echo: Children of the Eternal 2015
Scorned 2015
Amen 3 2014
Waiting 2014
The Killer Monroes 2014
Obsession 2014
The Summoning: The Rise of Wendigo 2014
Animals 2014
Used 2014
Reina's Remorse 2014
The Taker 2014
Hex 2014
Penance 2014
Credo: Malevolence Within 2014
Rust 2014
Amen 2 2013
Genesis 2013
Goat 2013
Hostility 2013
Inapt 2013
Play Time 2013
Samhain 2013
Shear Death 2013
The March 2013
The Summoning 2013
It Found Me 2013
The Night Pullers 2013
Exodus 2013
Amen 2012
Cruens Winter 2012
Maldicion 2012
Twisted Forest 3: Bloody Vengeance 2012
It Followed Me Too 2011
Twisted Forest 2: Break Neck Hell 2011
It Followed Me 2010
Twisted Forest 2010
free space
free space
free space
free space
hehe
Hola
Yes
I would like to watch the most weirdest movie
I don’t watch movies a lot 😭

What about the new age plastic demons? I bet they would vibe with that sound
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1007438084096413758/unknown.png
I want to compare all file names on our server to see if we have copies of videos in different resolutions.
I think fuzzywuzzy will give decent insights for names of files that are similar
I want to do this
Everything in the list against all items in the list but ignore things that have already been compared
Also the photo is upside down because discords mobile app is dumb I guess.
I suppose I could learn about matrices again so I can describe this better to Google.
thats a squaryboi
see, it's starting to turn into an interesting problem 🙂
originally, everybody just says 'delete the oldest one you never watch'
it may make more sense to split up filenames and do analytics on portions of filenames
😄
make link for we are the strange
make link for immortal war
Yeah but every file has a different number of *.*.*.*.*.*  What the hell do you even do with that
download the cat who wore sunglasses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7646MddF00
"Hey man if I shit on the street, that's on me
 If you taste it, that's on you"  how the fuck is 2022 real
hahaha
oh man i linked the worng video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y88xAQQZX0E
this the funny one
Wow
He tasted it
wow there are a lot of these stories
https://nypost.com/2019/07/23/amazon-delivery-driver-caught-pooping-in-customers-garden/
https://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-drivers-say-pooped-in-bags-changed-pads-pee-bottles-2021-3
I think it's cause they aren't allowed to shit on the clock
they need to demand work-issued diapers
Yeah that's it
How about the seat is also a toilet
I was thinking colostomy bags
my little pony remedios varo painting
remedios varo painting my little pony

I think this is a good place to post messed advertisements too
https://tenor.com/view/gato-bisho-cat-michi-dog-gif-17576965
/join
I wish there were some site that would generate a youtube playlist, of some topic, where the more you progress down the list watching videos, the more of an expert you become on the topic.
Then you can do this:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezSxelB6Ux4
https://youtu.be/VugNIWHa4zU
We shouldn't forget that Steven Seagal has been recognized as a tulku
https://palyul.org/wp/advice-regarding-recognition-of-tulkus-steven-seagal/
I'm told that the Palyul Lineage in particular is characterized by some crazy shit like this
If you are in the valheim Hamlet there is a full chest of stone in the portal room in the back left corner.
Also be a bro and update the cartography table when you can
Word
Do we have the hills have eyes 1977
https://youtu.be/H3W7Tt_iS7I
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FaF6SFSVUAAf7JF?format=jpg&name=large
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FaJrOFFWQAMIq43?format=jpg&name=large

https://youtu.be/B3pWSu_tEDU
https://youtu.be/X1FuT1qtT44

dude what the hell lol
rofl
https://www.businessinsider.com/ronny-jackson-pledges-to-never-eat-dog-penis-again-2022-8

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FX4VjMRXkAA4ONL?format=jpg&name=medium
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FWs7uGvXwAEbFI-?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://youtu.be/OD42sfTqj9E
Dude what are you even doing
These are so bad
Get off YouTube lol
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472>
https://youtu.be/L9RfX6DylJc
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472>
Download I love my dad (2022)
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1008673343345524806/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1008607639556599908/yhjyd2wqjoh91.webp
'The extraordinary patience of things! 
This beautiful place defaced with a crop of suburban houses—
How beautiful when we first beheld it,
Unbroken field of poppy and lupin walled with clean cliffs;
No intrusion but two or three horses pasturing,
Or a few milch cows rubbing their flanks on the outcrop rockheads—
Now the spoiler has come: does it care?
Not faintly
It has all time
It knows the people are a tide
That swells and in time will ebb, and all
Their works dissolve
Meanwhile the image of the pristine beauty
Lives in the very grain of the granite,
Safe as the endless ocean that climbs our cliff.—As for us:
We must uncenter our minds from ourselves;
We must unhumanize our views a little, and become confident
As the rock and ocean that we were made from.'
 ----- Robinson Jeffers, 'Carmel Point'
https://twitter.com/Psychotis/status/1559158531579944960
Boto Encantado
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FaJZ8ShX0AYoVpi.jpg
Boto Encantado
WHAT IS THIS JOKE
'An Amazon river dolphin that shapeshifts into a handsome man to seduce young women
After impregnating them, he would abandon the woman and never return to her village with the same disguise again
This tale was possibly created by single mothers in an attempt to explain away to fatherless children who their fathers were.'
😮
<@232108135513325568>
30 second brainwashing break every hour of work at Amazon
https://www.openicpsr.org/openicpsr/project/155441/version/V1/view
lol
does this belong in the mercury channel?
or i guess mars
the title is clickbaity
it's like "Democrat men given supplemental testosterone switch party affiliation to Republican!"
but the real article is that weakly-affiliated democrat men had a mild drop in democrat party affiliation and warmed up to republican candidates
yeh
Felt memish

Remedios Varo, *Rheumatic Pain,* 1948
now i want to see a study on testosterone levels by political party
https://imgur.com/gallery/IqhSUm9
worm eating a worm
This is the dystopian future I dreamed of
https://youtu.be/CH6GZTbvjbE
The pregnant woman in the video is lagniappe
https://youtu.be/r4PTqvc9WsE
jaundice eyes
a couple of those crack and Boone's Farm behind the Waffle House dumpster party tracks
"while socially distant i am emotionally close" wtf does that even mean
gross
https://iai.tv/articles/the-big-bang-didnt-happen-auid-2215
Do we have the shining
Do we have Alien
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092907/
download the dolphin 1987
josh how do we find this
also i think we have this movie and it was really boring
download dolphin tale
free space
I wish I knew where to find it

That's a proper cocaine effect, right?
hahaha
i was joking about Chris Farley earlier in VC
he put that guy in a dumpster
"Dave, do you ever having shooting pains in your arm and chest?"
the finest entrance
😅
Just got back home
Going back into the heim now!
Download se7en

Yaaay <@232108135513325568> <@232739995960475648> I got into the valheim server with my steam deck
https://mixed-news.com/en/open-source-rival-for-openais-dall-e-runs-on-your-graphics-card/
Download space ninja
Download deathship
Download hangar 18
Dowbload futurekick
Download futurekick
Download deep Star six
Download dark rider
Just in time
lol So lateeeee
I have no clue why, but we ALWAYS have a troll spawning just west of our base
I built up a giant sea wall after I saw this  lol
Very attack on titan esque
I kinda don't want to kill him
He isn't bothering anything
But when we go to harvest trees, he could get annoying


If only he was one of the tree swingers
Then we could kite him to farm all the trees lol
do we have america's test kitchen
That's smart
Can you pull a tree swinger to the base?
Like is it possible?
If we found one in the wilderness?
Well, I walked away from my computer for like 5 minutes, and there were 2 tree swingers in the mote
I went to go make some arrows and they were despawned
After they destroyed what they could from the mote
Lucky they couldn't get in lol
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1009118543217971371/unknown.png
What is with all these "I got reincarnated as a ______" stories?
Maybe it was chuck tingle
Hahaha
Aw
I was hoping we could have a moat if trolls
Only monster that doesn't despawn are the leaches IIRC.
Unless you stay nearby


Or trolls at their spawn location it seems
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1009125021836382371/unknown.png
I harvested a bunch of wood
and it's a secret
and none of you are allowed to have it!
oh you're talking about the video game, for a second I was thinking you had a bunch of wood in your apartment
I have some, but not much, wood in my apartment
mostly flat pieces 12"x12"
We are getting dangerously close to " Rob Schneider is a Stapler"
<@724882617719193661> found a copy of that Dolphin movie
https://archive.org/details/ele-o-boto-1987-he-the-dolphin
downloading to plex now
we gotta add this archive.org search to JuDy
https://archive.org/search.php?query=title%3A%28the%20dolphin%29%20AND%20mediatype%3A%28movies%29
good!
Dwayne "The Dolphin" Johnson
AI is getting doable
YouTube videos are finally watchable
 https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtBw6njQRU-rwp5__7C0oIVt26ZgjG9NI
I have a pet theory that when beautiful people can do ML, it will be available to the masses.
Oh hey, I got one lol
Every time I step away from my computer now, 2 trolls show up
Whatcha doing with that wood?
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/RVIGVkj5aXo/hq720.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCOgCEMoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==&rs=AOn4CLDFgGqkQ6v8m5e6-w_Gg6HjUdLjnQ      Yeah  it's never gonna happen with this guy.
But really, how awful can Machine Learning be, coming from this person...
https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/VtRLrQ3Ev-U/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000&sqp=CNff75cG&rs=AOn4CLAqIbTfjmpNx-NtYWb1wGi4FD5LhA
Unfortunately I had to kill him cause he kept breaking the bridge I am working on lol
dont take my wood bro
bro ill fuck you up if you take my wood
i have infinite lives and i will lightly punch you to death
lol
in your birthday suit trying to punch superman basically
It’s fine art ok
https://i.4cdn.org/pol/1660636238201953.png
Help lol
The base did great lol
Now there are just a bunch of skeletons in the mote
Bro I watched Se7en just the other day
Epic movie
Do we have The Collector 2009
Make link for The Collector 2009
Download the collector 2009
Do we have Citizen Kane
haha
i wish we could use boulders
and push them into the mote
They were chilling in there
I left one, and it didn't despawn until I logged out lol
hah
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1009270194490851409/unknown.jpeg
I probably went overboard lol 

I planted an entire forest just to do this.
Wish they were straight, but I am not trying to fidget for 2 hours straight for this lol
Confirmed now with like 6 trolls and 2 swamp raids, our base is impregnable!
Only side I am worries about is the back
If you manage to aggro guys there, they could probably find a way in
But it hasn't happened yet

'Aho ye! When looking at these outer appearances,
They appear as they do and seem so real.
When looking at the essence of the mind within,
It is empty, and yet while empty it appears.
This awareness, which clings to duality in what appears and is imputed,
Is itself deluded and interacts with delusory appearances.
The tongue of rational argument, which clings to reality and delusion,
Is severed by the Great Perfection.
The child of mindfulness and awareness mounts the spyglass
At the summit where liberation and delusion meet,
And, in the fresh experience of not discovering anything tangible,
Sees the Great Perfection.
In the playground of the children of the eight consciousnesses,
Lies the old man with the confidence of familiarity and experience,
Basking in the sun of continuous luminosity —
Perfectly at ease, spacious and relaxed: a la la!
*On the evening of the 25th of the ninth month of the Earth Monkey year (1968), while intoxicated by alcohol, this spontaneously slipped from my mouth.*' ~ Lachung Apo
https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*v21EG3Kqdqy5wAhHG6tDiQ.jpeg
https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*BIWVZp_QWM498GRtDcNJXw.jpeg
https://dailyartfixx.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/Visita-al-cirujano-pl%C3%A1stico-Remedios-Varo-1960.jpg
Beautiful
download mad god
interesting
Is that Leonora Carrington?
What’s the deal with crack rappers and bad echoes?
This steam deck is fuckin awesome
I got so much wood
It’s almost time for art
Just one more entire forest
Download vampire cop
Download catnado
Download bigfoot exorcist
Download space kid 1999
Download deadly run 1995
Download fall from grace
Download dangerous worry dolls
Download meridian
Download vampire cop
Fur suits are expensive kinda
But given the labor and materials involved there's not much margin
Ballroom dancing dresses start around $2500 and probably require a similar amount of man hours to make.
You gotten the swamp raid yet???
Its a little terrifying lol
Make a portal to 'raft port' and check out the house I made
Dannn
If you are going to build art, you should built a portal circle around it
Like 2 tier in a giant circle around your art.
After 5, I am more than happy to jump in and plant more trees to help!
and chop chop chop
Remedios Varo
yeh I'm not really surprised at the price, for hand crafting
Good question, and good name for the genre (Crack Rap)
One of the comments on that video: 'Carrying the whole rap game on his shoulders'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1009444765500190803/image0.jpg
When I joined one night it was just me and Dan and the monsters started attacking
My blade drank so much blood
ohhh boy he thirsty.
I just like to watch all the monsters that could definitely kick my ass 4 on 1 just kinda stare at me from across the moat
They will occasionally try to hit one of the bridge pieces, but it doesn't do much besides make stuff less pretty lol
The door draw bridge works great
I would LOVE to get the functional drawbridge mod, since the devs don't plan on adding one.
A real drawbridge should be added for certain
Yeah, I wonder how you would bring it down from the other side


The doors are inconvenient, but you don't need wood to just open them all and walk across with the cart.
Which is better than the previous solution
infinite lunch
lunch for an infinity
The last drupper
Someone asked Louis Armstrong to define jazz once and he said "It's what I play for a living"  got me cracking up
how do they think the echo sounds good? does everything sound like this when you're on crack? is this shitty echo a self-image while on crack?
https://sebpearce.com/bullshit/
I am going in boisssss
Its not connecting 😭
Ugh
<@342351149116030979> Remember the name of the portal in the big base?
https://youtu.be/-pypV-JPU1k

Don't be a young lady who spuats
Be old man without spuats
Actual Amazon product: https://a.co/d/e5E06U6 32" x 2" Extended Length Garden Auger Drill Bit for Planting Bulb & Bedding Plant Auger 100% Solid Barrel-No Need to Squat Post Hole Digger for 3/8" Hex Drive Drill- Earth Auger Bulb Planter Tool
I do not lol
I figured it out
It's probably time we start to document the portal names
Maybe a naming pattern lol
Home, home, home1, another home, home_a
That image has so much gen z energy
https://youtu.be/6YadVtANecU
Juchewave
Dear General, where are you??
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/618190100051918906/1009510926971572244/IMG_20220817_152724.jpg
That’s refried beans on pizza dough, not chipped beef on toast
We should probably make some chatbots that talk to eachother
I would probably lock them down so y’all fucks don’t mess it up and make it retarded
But it should learn bad movie shit
Or maybe good movie shit and it sounds funny because the bot is wrong
Their art looks similar
Download sharp stick 2022
Download vengeance 2022
https://youtu.be/Zd8vzIRQLLM
Download bog 1979
Free space
It must be something either South American, or British
yes!
I think Leonora Carrington worked mostly in egg tempera, and Remedios Varo made her oil technique *look* like egg tempera
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1009709066131619941/unknown.png

'From Canto Ten: Vision
No matter how we feel, we abide in the nature of mind;
No matter how we live, we stay in the nature of mind;
No matter how we move, we move in the nature of mind.
In luminous spaciousness, coming and going are impossible –
No movement in the victors’ dimension!
Whatever we say reverberates as mind's nature;
Whatever is expressed is articulated as mind's nature:
In luminous mind no verbal expression manifests,
For the speech of the victors is ineffable.
Whatever ideas emerge are thought as the nature of mind;
Whatever concepts emerge are conceived as the nature of mind:
In luminous mind ideas and concepts never truly exist
For the mind of the victors is mind unbound by thought.

From Canto Twelve: Release
In short, all conscious sensory perception,
And all that is unconscious or transcendent,
Everything is already released in the spaciousness of the now,
So any attempt to liberate anything anew is superfluous.
It is pointless to try to make effort towards release!

So don’t try! Don’t try! Don’t struggle and strive in practice!
Don’t seek! Don’t seek! Don’t seek intellectual truth!
Don’t meditate! Don’t meditate! Don’t contrive meditation!
Don’t analyze! Don’t analyze! Don’t analyze in or after an event!
Don’t practice! Don’t practice! Don’t practice the upshot of hope and fear!
Don’t reject! Don’t reject! Don’t reject emotional karma!
Don’t believe! Don’t believe! Don’t believe in righteous religion!
Don’t trap yourself! Don’t trap yourself! Don’t cage your mind!'

~ Longchenpa, *The Precious Treasury of the Basic Space of Phenomena*
https://consortiumnews.com/2022/08/15/chris-hedges-the-final-collapse/
'The more insurmountable the crisis becomes, the more we, like our prehistoric ancestors, will retreat into self-defeating responses, violence, magical thinking and denial

The historian Arnold Toynbee, who singled out unchecked militarism as the fatal blow to past empires, argued that civilizations are not murdered, but commit suicide
They fail to adapt to a crisis, ensuring their own obliteration.
Our civilization’s collapse will be unique in size, magnified by the destructive force of our fossil fuel-driven industrial society
But it will replicate the familiar patterns of collapse that toppled civilizations of the past
The difference will be in scale, and  this time there will be no exit.'
lol I have a temporary fix
I just put the portal names on the map.
Until <@800126234297630740> builds his art piece that I can surround with a portal palace
i still dont know where im building this thing lol
My vote is the skeleton tower to the west of the main base
I have a plan to extend the base to there, then connect to the islands just north of it
It would be sick sick sick if you used the stone there to build higher than you would with wood alone
It's funny how little information can be expressed in natural language.
The information density of natural language is pretty low
I enjoy listening to Chris Hedges occasionally, he's entertaining
This article uses some language to express the model of what he calls civilization collapse, but uses that same language to evoke emotion, and mixes similar subjects unintentionally (reducing the effectiveness of the earlier usages due to inconsistency).
We've talked about it before - I don't believe in this whole 'civilization collapse' thing
It's ill-defined and used for emotional pleas rather than as a system's failure-mode to mitigate
Sometimes I wonder if the people writing about 'civilization collapse' have any intention of fixing it, and if they don't have that intention, if their writing is more of a depressed paranoid pathological doom-saying to vent some personal stress about the situation.
it's a long, slow collapse, not a sudden apocalypse, as some people dramatize it
Though, it is interesting that he starts the article suggesting that there should be some unilateral power if we want to maintain stability
Kind of makes him sound like a nazi?
Of course its a slow, multi-century collapse
It takes several generations for the belief that a civilization exists to go away, and for all of the stagnant capital to dissolve into other structures and evaporate.
Talking about it isn't helpful or meaningful?
yes, the Roman decline was centuries
Talking about sustainability (the realistic way, not the fetish), reliability, ultra-long-term infrastructure, those are worth talking about whether the civilization is collapsing or not, and are also the thing you should be talking about if the civilization is collapsing
So it doesn't matter whether it is or isn't
it's helpful to avoid the two dualist extremes of techno-futurians, transhumanists, believers in progress, on the one hand, and the believers in a sudden apocalypse and instantly waking up in Mad Max world, on the other
Talking about civilization collapsing doesn't do much to prevent it, it's a scare tactic that convinces Republicans to buy more guns
It's an advertisement tool for the firearms industry 🤣
you're usually handed only two options, infinite 'progress' forever, or sudden catastrophe.
From some perspectives in clusters of the population, yes
Usually from the ultra-wealthy
I take it back
Chris Hedges is a dickbag
I watched a few lectures he gave, and he's just a dick.
When people press him in the Q&A he runs out of real feedback and talks over them unrelentingly
well, I think the point in contemplating the slow collapse is that alternatives to fossil fuel can't sustain either infinite economic growth or current North American levels of consumption, so the solution is more along the lines of deeply cutting back energy usage
It seems people aren't happy with that possibility, so the two options of infinite technological progress and growth forever, and sudden catastrophic collapse, allow them to avoid exploring and implementing that option
instead, ultra-wealthy elites can fly jets to conferences to talk about 'green energy'
We could put a little more effort into nuclear energy, and we really need a PR campaign to explain to people in simple terms how nuclear energy is safe and preferable (the same way we've promoted coal).
I know computers are steadily reducing their power consumption
It's a pretty big deal in the industry now.
nuclear energy isn't viable, it requires huge government subsidies
It's a big ironic that wealthy people expect infinite progress and wealth-growth but sudden collapse, and poor people expect sudden wealth growth and slow gradual collapse.
Why would huge government subsidies be an issue?
it's not economically viable
We give subsidies to every energy industry
Because we want to ensure access to energy
Road maintenance isn't economically viable either
Private power distribution grids are rarely profitable.
finally, an unrealistic male body standard I can meet
I would like to build with stone
it's not just direct subsidy, it also indirectly relies on the cheapness of fossil fuels
https://www.pv-magazine.com/2020/09/24/nuclear-power-is-now-the-most-expensive-form-of-generation-except-for-gas-peaking-plants/
https://www.power-technology.com/news/nuclear-energy-report-wnisr/
How is the 'mad max' future considered plausible, when it would require massive institutional support? How will they drive their raiding vehicles without access to cheap energy?
<:roasted:1009501230869004328>
right!
The 'mad max' dystopia is more ephemeral than the civilization
I am not strong enough generally to take on the swamp I think
Or maybe I just don't have enough time to prep and take on a swamp run
Thats what we need to get to stone unfortunately
let's say they stock up on guns and gold
Won't they eventually run out of ammunition? Why would anyone value gold - could they take it to a pawn shop?
It civilizations eventually 'collapse', as in they reach periods of resource scarcity and supply chain systems overreliant on those particular resources, what things would prevent the loss of 'civilization' during those **outages**?
Engineers spend more of their time mitigating failure modes of systems than they do implementing features
Civilization 'collapse' isn't very surprising to them.
Engineering traditions have survived longer than other aspects of 'civilization'
I'd like to say that engineering traditions are more of 'civilization' than supply chains.
right - what are things that preserve continuity, or preserve essential features
Social traditions are doomed
They collapse hundreds of times even when the civilization survives.
Family structure traditions, supply chain traditions, they're all crap
Engineering traditions picked up loose-bindings to religious ideas to last longer
Human, their limited minds, and their emotional fragility make them a pretty bad substrate for prolonging engineering traditions
But it's what we've got
I'm building a base with a portal named swagitha that in in the forest near the swamp I have to upgrade the work benches but it's a cool spot so far
Good for gathering ore and bronze and it is built into the trees near the tower I started from
well if we look at the Andean civilizations, they were built to be resilient to periodic catastrophes related to the El Nino cycle
So they invented freeze dried food storage, the ayllu system, earthquake proof buildings, etc
It took a literal apocalypse of smallpox killing most of the population, as well as the deliberate efforts of the Spanish Christians, to destroy most of it - but even then, the ayllu system has survived to the present day
Why are we trying to preserve civilization?
I'm not saying it deserves to collapse, I'm just saying it's inevitable downtime
Reducing the amount of downtime is a pretty good goal
What's the availability of civilization?
right, it would be good to get rid of a lot of this civilization's baggage
I'm not advocating for that
I'm just saying, this thing you call 'collapse' happens and it's not surprising
In software engineering, writing the actual software, the SWE's try to write code that could never error, and they get nervous and frustrated when any error happens, they get shame
In reliability engineering, we accept errors as a guarantee
We measure our uptime, sure, but what we really do is measure our 'error budget'
The error budget, like civilization 'collapse', is what we have to spend to make reliability improvements.
<@229250171475722240> I'd love some help on Valheim art if you ever wanna play
These guys just wanna make square buildings and fight goblins.
<@857825851517304882> you too
we should emphasize resilience and reliability, rather than efficiency or cheapness, and stability, rather than growth
Your mom is square
Supply chains, capitalist markets, any markets, culture, 'civilization', 'infinite growth', worries about collapse, these aren't goals, these are tools
Each iteration, we want to get closer to greatness
Preserving developments and ideas is important, but those disappear sometimes too
It's okay.
there are primary goals of survival and human flourishing, but the tools become ends in themselves - emergent goals or motivations
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1009881553691742318/88D08E17-AA59-4B19-B85B-1771E75082D7.jpg
like I said, humans are a poor substrate for the reliability of engineering traditions
I'm building a tree fort
How tho
Not supported by the tree I suppose
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1009914675611304069/IMG_3819.jpg
We're gonna watch IDAHO TRANSFER
<@&874406377982926889> IDAHO TRRAAAANNNSSSFFFEEERRR
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/Yea8i/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv
Boy howdy do I have news for you
Anything can be mounted to a tree and it will give blue support
I thought it was just some trees but it looks like all trees

Wut
lol

> girl 1: I was tempted to kidnap those people earlier
> girl 2: Why didn't we?
CHARTREUSE HIGH GLOSS ENAMEL
> karen: I am a woman, you know.
> guy: That gives you the right to have a bunch of kids?
> karen: Yes.
Can I still play tonight when I get home?
of course

https://youtu.be/1Ki1F6rst0g
https://youtu.be/vS8Zx0nFifk
Cover of a cover of a cover
it's covers all the way down
https://youtu.be/_bIz-NLajco
What are some examples of engineering traditions?
Agile was designed to further isolate you from non-tech ppl since it makes it impossible to discuss your job with outsiders thanks for coming to my talk
it's true
I feel so bad when PMs and sales people get dragged into agile
they think agile is the best solution for every type of management
I have officially weaponized a troll
I built up a massive tower
A troll is below me but he can't see me
I have sat here for 3 swamp events, watching the troll beat the shit out of everything lol
> It's not a skin thing, it's a sin thing
https://www.rockchurchlive.com/our-pastor
https://www.rockchurchlive.com/staffdetails.aspx?s=48fa48c9-aaf5-471e-82f7-0247f2e6cee9
https://www.instagram.com/jeff_warner/?hl=en


Instant classic yeah
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679190/?ref_=adv_li_tt
<@800126234297630740> also from Rolen Motion Pictures
https://pitchfork.com/news/q-lazzarus-elusive-goodbye-horses-musician-dies-at-61/
https://youtu.be/X_DVS_303kQ

I like how Fake Tuvok takes his role so seriously
HAH
thats amazing
you really kited that troll
flew him like a kite
freemasons, rosicrucians, alchemy
loosely, it could be defined as 'productive traditions that survive the inevitable downfall of infinite-progress'
they have to tie aspects of human-creation and craftsmanship to something that can survive economic and social collapse, so they usually have some sort of 'god' or 'creator'
but unlike religions, the goal isn't a better personal understanding of the mystical/mythical, it's primarily about prolonging less-understood behaviors and information even when people don't know what they're for
so they wind up looking like 'secret societies'
a 'secret society' has people in it who don't trust the longevity of the society and supply chains that are around them
so they build 'secret' ones
of course it gets weird, because they don't have a motive to control the entire world, they have a motive to prolong their own existence, and to go undiscovered during collapse
they don't necessarily want to expand
unlike the rest of society, they're not trying to get agents in each portion of the civilization so that, during a collapse, they can abscond with as many resources as they can
they keep reserves and maintain them
it's not driven by fear, like the preppers
it's not driven by greed, like the capitalists
it's driven by a sensible understanding of the fragility of the current civilization.
when a civilization revives, there's another layer of difficulty! they want to reintroduce the ideas of the previous civilizations that they managed to keep alive, but they can't be known for it, or they'll become part of the resource-wasting fugue economy
they need to find people, without meeting them in a way that's memorable, and collectively influence the person to learn the things on their own.
ironically, this means holding back and not telling them things when they don't find them
some things from the past may go hundreds of years without being brought back up because they cant find the right 'entrepreneur' to turn it into a market
it's all part of the 5 billion year plan, <@232739995960475648>
we need more than humans to carry on the traditions, we need methods and instincts that can be available to any creature with enough intelligence to *use* them
they don't even need to be good at it, they just need to use them in some way.
you want to contrive artifacts, convince other civilizations to love things and praise them and put them in very very safe places so people can rediscover them 1000 years later
you dont want them to find YOUR artifacts, because when they do they'll put them in fragile glass cases in museums that are way too susceptible to earthquakes, bombs, and asteroids
today's historians are actually pretty angry about groups like the modern rosicrucians
there's a rosicrucian museum, and a lot of historians think it should be illegal because they source their artifacts from non-academic sources
https://egyptianmuseum.org/
Decriminalize the drugs we’ll eat capitalism haha
  They will pay a premium for sober astronauts
Like wtf is this scrum master shit why is the structure of my job so confusing I can never talk about it with people
Well the scrum master is not a boss
They are there for support and to help identify institutional road blocks to productivity and then work to remove the roadblocks
This could be nearly anything so none not even the scrum master knows what their role is at any given point
Does that clear it up for you?
I know why they are there, it makes sense enough to me
It’s just irritating to have 30 stupid words that no one else knows
The way I sound when I say “my scrum master retired” is beyond
My tower isn't high enough lol If I build at all, he gets grumpy


We def need stone tools
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1010198140940464158/unknown.png
No work just watch them tear down whatever this is
https://apnews.com/article/fact-checking-528961447371
'In the days following his post, a handful of Twitter users copied and pasted Ghali’s words
A closer look at their accounts reveals a majority were humans, not bots, several of whom have spread misinformation about COVID-19 in the past and had posted the message as a means of trolling the doctor.'
'One of the things that’s been true since right after the Second World War is that whatever age the Boomers are at defines the concerns of the country
In the 80s and 90s, they weren’t young any more and middle age was starting to settle in, thus the frantic fixation on youth and health at all costs
The Covid fiasco wouldn’t have happened if Boomers hadn’t gotten old enough to be in the population mostly at risk
The bright side? Invest in funeral homes; they’ll be the center of attention soon enough.'
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
I went on an exploration mission in the swamp and got one shot by some ent like beast so I am rebuilding my gear
https://twitter.com/ElSandifer/status/1560471590848143362
I thought there was going to be an explosion
It is still very cool
Is that why there were so many movies about dangerous violent punk kids threatening adults in the 80s, then once the real school shootings happened we didn’t care anymore?
> 99% of our ICU admits did NOT receive a vaccine
Virtually ALL of them wish they had.
Haha yeeaaaah killin more antivaxxers
Also, that article was kind of confusing because of how it was laid out
I thought the tweet was legitimate, then spread by bots, then real again, and now I dunno
that makes sense!
I don’t think Scott actually knows what a scrum master is lol
I think he just spout generic words
Isn’t that what everyone is doing
Haha
It’s just steam coming out from whatever big ole thing they removed
Or maybe it’s water they are spraying they have to spray water in everything to minimize dust liam told me
I’ve had one or two scrum masters, the rest of the time it’s been a dev or manager who runs the meetings
PMs have never done it
That makes sense
We have product owners
Idk who my PM is
My scrum master just retired we have a fill in one
Right? My PM changes more often than they do anything for me
from what i gather so far here bc it seems everywhere is different because eveyrone hates jargon and systems
the scrum master is: the timekeeper, the note taker, the personal assistant of the ~development team
i don't even mind there's all this stupidity happening because i get why some of it happens
i just hate that i have someone at my job called a fucking "scrum master"
What are the requirements? I could do it I'm sure
It sounds dirty
it just sounds fucking stupid
There’s like a 2 week certification I think
i hate that i can't talk about my job to people without going
OK SO THIS IS WHAT A STORY IS
then the scrum master
then the product owner
then the team lead
then eugene idk what he does
Lol the scrum Eugene
then my boss (who i guess oversees four scrum teams except he doesn't oversee the scrum masters they have their own boss)
idk what he is
eugene is in my standups
but he doesn't talk
why is he there
what is his purpose
I had one of those
then we have the QA people who frankly seem to know jack shit
i think eugene is part of the product ownership team or whatever the stupid fuck
PMs are supposed to do Gantt charts but they’ve never showed me one
I don’t know what PMs do tbh
i think we could just as easily speak like this:
- scrum master = team administrator
- team lead = supervisor
- product owner = customer relations manager
- etc etc
the words are so stupid and annoying and every time i try to talk to someone about my new job i have to pause to try to remember all the stupid terminology i need to explain first or translate in my brain before i talk
Lol omg
One of my friends got really good at his job, he’s a cto now, but he talks to his wife in management jargon
oh jesus why
Like his home life is managed by scrum
It’s so sad
my "facilitator" at training kanbans her whole life
Tickets aren’t actually the best way to get work done lol
also i'm mad about user stories these stupid devs aren't writing user stories they are just writing tasks in a stupid format that makes no sense i swear i could scream
literally duirng my training one of my stupid jira board "stories" was
"as a user, i want a rest api, blah blah" like bitch no one has ever said that
a user has never given a singular shit about what the fuck an api is
clownery
As a USER OF THE PROGRAM
I want to NOT SEE THIS BUG
So that I CAN DO MY JOB
as an employee of this company, i want to get this stage over with, so that i can write code and not think about users because i'm convinced that isn't my job.
i can replace all of the jira stories right now with this
and it would be no different
I hate Jira
what's sad is i actually really like user stories
and there was a guy who talked to us
Sometimes I actually do want to make a ticket to track my work, and it takes like 4 minutes
he was into ~extreme programming
and he let me ask him all 40 of my questions about like
but what about this then isn't agile stupid
and he explained it all really well
and i told him that our practice stories aren't stories
and then the guy who wrote them all for the fucking 500 of us was like :'(
and i was like sorry donald your stories aren't stories go away
and then i told that guy his code sucks 50 times
and then i asked the program manager if i can be an associate now instead of waiting 2.5 years
Lol I want you on my team
the program manager got too distracted by his phone before we got to that point of the conversation which was a bummer because i make a valid point
and the html primer they gave us
was so fucking poorly written
it was insane
like when was the last time this person wrote front end code like
Why bother trying to write things in user stories if you’re not going to think of them as user stories? Maybe user stories are beneficial but if you don’t try to think of your problem as user stories you’re just writing text
exactly like
i hate this whole why do people go through the motions
So much “ceremony”
my hands hurt i'm tired of typing but i want to keep ranting about this and other issues
being disabled is fucking stupid give me a cyborg body already universe goddamn
Yeah rant all you want whenever you want lol
let me get you this fucking example code they wrote for us
like seriously just wait until you see this shit
while i pause from sorting that out
i'm also so tired of these old men who are like
if u don't use git from the command line ur doing it wrong
like god i'm bored please stop
Git sucks no matter how you use it

look maybe no one else cares about this but me
I’ve been using it for over 10 years and at this point I just keep 2 directories and copy my new stuff to the other one to do merges
but it was annoying to hav emy team mates be like
yeah but the solution looks different
also who the fuck query selects by fucking 'ul' that's INSANE
i made a variable which selects by....
oh idk the element id and called that shit instead
and then like idk what this stupid not using arrow functions is
i almost made donald call the dude who wrote this so i could yell at him even tho he was on vacation like
ur gonna write this and "teach" 600 programmers? why
That’s some 1990 level coding
thank u
i'm just saying i could've (and did) write a better solution christ
but also i guess lots of people hate front end because lots of people are too attached to things instead of being like wow looks like code is just a tool to solve problems
and so i spend a lot of time listening to stupid conversations about language preferences or whatever else for no reason
i should be doing the dumb training project they assigned me but i've built too many stupid fake react websites to have any motivation to build another project react website
Looool someone sold off $100mil Bitcoin and dunked the exchange price by $1000
cool
or not really i don't know
It’s cryptogeddon
my job had me do a training about stuff and one of them was about how women experience more incivility like sigficantly than men (true duh) but also a lot of it comes from other women
and even though i'm non-binary and my pronouns are obnxiously everywhere and the firm makes that easy enough to do
everyone calls me she/her
Dag yo
and i gave up on correcting my pronouns like 10 years ago
and anyways
i'm already experiencing this woman-woman incivility
i started on this fake project whatever generated some stupid thing from single spa which seems stupid but whatever
that's the task
it uses this thing called husky, never heard of it
i kind of know what it does
but anyways it generate this pre-commit script right
and when i tried to commit my code it just kicked back this error
and so i googled the error and the internet was like "yeah just put this flag when you commit code then it goes through"
they were right you put the flag and it goes through
but also like
but i was like this is weird why isn't it working
couldn't find an answer on stack overflow bc no one cares why things aren't working they just want them to work
fine
the error actually tells you exactly what's wrong
firm uses npm 6 which i guess is Old
npm exec isn't a valid command in npm 6
but the cli thingy generates a script that uses npm exec
go back to old docs
Shouldn’t even use npm in a big corp
it's supposed to be npx, ok cool now i can commit no extra flags cool
we use weird we cloned and changed npm versions
anyways doesn't matter
i ask my coworker and she's like
yeah we just commit out the husky stuff or we use the flag
commenting out the husky stuff turns off the whole thing which like, idk checks for dumb errors before you commit
Download blastfighter
seems useful can't believe this shit
Nice
can't beleive they just comment this out
or type an extra flag every fucking commit
tell my team lead like hey
he's like "it's a permissions thing" (no its not)
and i'm like "i think it's this" and he's like (it's a permissions thing) idk why he's very confident i guess and i'm new
reached out to some guy with a VP title (fake there's a billion of VPs it seems)
he literally says yes we also add that flag everytime
(literally disables the script entirely which seems..
bad)
tell him i know what's wrong
he literally says
YAAASSSSSSSSSS
I only know one person who actually knows frontend stuff, <@232108135513325568>
and then tells me i gotta fix all this stuff right now
make a story
idk what i'm doing
i tell my coworker like hey what do i do
and she's like
"idk seems ur getting sidetracked it seems hard to do" (it wasn't)
like damn girl ur gonna tell me not to do the thing that the VP tol dme to do
feels a little rude
anyways i figured it out today even though yesterday i had a "i'm neuroatypical" brain melt and cried on a zoom call
so idk i made a PR that's all i did today
idk why people think this job means you're smart
i can't believe so many people just never read the fucking error message
The worst statement in a programming career:
> Just refactor it as you go
idk what that means
refactor to me is just renaming with more steps
idk if true that's what i've gathered so far
Refactor usually means switching to different data structures, often switching to a state machine
oh ok
Or event listener
idk that's big that's too much for me right now
oh ok
Or observer
maybe yeah sure
Some shitty design pattern
i learned something about myself like 3.5 weeks ago and i've ben having an existential crisis ever since
but it's also explained many things
also it's annoying because if it wasn't for the fact that my brain works weird and people are jugdy i think this whole workflow bug identification and fix in the first day would be impressive
but instead i'm crying in a zoom call bc idg what to make subtasks for my jira stories or whatever
can you see pictures in your brain dan?
that's what my existential crisis is about
Yeah, too often
Have you heard of aphantasia ?
yes i have it
i just learned about it 3 weeks ago
Neat
it's not neat it's terrifying
i can't believe my whole life everyone wasn't being metaphorical that's absolutely insane
A lot of engineers have it, because they can’t remember what things look like when they’re not looking at them so their memories are more logic
yeah it's associated with autism traits
I even read an article from a senior designer who had it
and also a really bad autobiographical memory
and also introversion
This person worked with color and designs and somehow also wasn’t able to see the design in their head
yeah of course
Best designer in the company too
i mean i think i am very good at designing things
people want me to do interior design for them bc they like my apartment very much
my mom also has it (it's genetic) and she actually was an interior designer
no problem for me but i know you people with two monitors find this weird
Im overly reliant on my internal imagery
When I get a new codebase, I have to wait until my intuition kicks in so I can “see” the codebase visualized in my head
liam at first i think went through some denial which is fair i find often people think i must just misunderstand and i must see picture
Like most senses, the people who don’t have it are able to be better at it than the people who do
i think more jarring to me than the idea that people actually can "imagine a beach" is that people have some kind of metaphysical brain space or some shit
It’s a lot more common than people think
like that's the part that is fucking with me
what's more common?
aphantasia is about 1-3% of people
pretty uncommon
Nah that’s common to me
i've basically been running up to everyone i come into contact with and i have only met one other person so far who cannot see pictures in their brain
Anything above 0.7% is common
and she got so depressed when she learned other people can see stuff that she didn't want to talk about it anymore
and i am asking software engineers!
i was expecting to have higher numbers
I think it’s underreported because it doesn’t impact anyones life much
oh contrare
i think it has impacted my life to a great deal
One of my friends has trouble driving, but he can still drive
People just think he’s bad at driving
i just think the reason no one talks about it is because they are like i was only 3 weeks ago
thinking that when people say "imagine a beach" they are being metaphorical
i even speak like that, i mean it's not uncommon even blind people say things like "when i was looking at"
even though they are not looking at anything
since the vast majority of people do in fact visualize i think it's just normal part of dialogue even if you don't know it's not just metaphor
Imho, inner vision is an unnecessary trait
i mean it's associated with very poor autobiographical memory
i hardly remember anything that happens in my life
Oh that’s interesting
i find this very inconvenient
yes
also it's associated with an impoverished dream state
the scientists words, not mine
i think it has caused me much trouble my entire life
my mom said similar things when we discussed it
I always wondered if it has something to do with generative neural network models
Like when google deep dream came out, they basically just ran a neural network backwards
well consider this right, if only one or two people in a room of 100 don't visualize, how many times is your teacher teaching a lesson thinking about the "mental model" you are creating
i think this was a huge struggle and remains a struggle in my life, people who can see in their mind (and of course this is true i don't blame them) talk to everyone like everyone can see in their mind
but i cannot
i can think of many things i think are a result of my aphantasia that i have thus far been able to corroborate with the two others i know who have it
Aphantasics can still classify and recognize visual imagery, they just have trouble generating it backwards
If they look at something, they can identify it, but without the stimulus it’s not knowable
yes but i have no visual memory
My friend says he knows his wife is beautiful, but he doesn’t know what she looks like unless he’s looking at her
i can look at something and go "i have seen that before"
Oh you do
i do not
You can identify things
i actually have come to realize i lack many kinds of memory!
i can but only if i'm looking at them right now
Yes
and i can identify them because i have looked at them before and thought about them before
i can't identify them because of the visual memory
It trained one way successfully
for me the only way i have memory is i can remember what i thought about something, i have no other ways of remebering things
It sounds like you can’t recall visual recognition, but you can use it
this has been difficult for me often, i will have a conversation with someone that i find upsetting but i cannot recall what they said
i can just recall what i thought of what they said
Like you’re looking at characters right now, and they aren’t taking a lot of time to process
yes but i think that is different than having visual memory
Yeah I agree
it is like i have these big black boxes in my head i guess
except i hav enothing in my head
at all
i don't understand this concept of having a space in your head
This is cool to know though, talking to aphantasiacs is easy but a little different
yes it is ok i think we adapt well
It’s kind of fun being accurate with descriptions
but also we don't in some ways!
i think it is why i am the person in class to ask 400 things
and why i cannot follow along with complex stories people tell me
and why i say things and people find them funny but i don't get it
I have a tool for you if you want
Have you found any yet?
(sometimes i say something and it generates a funny mental image, i never realized this until like 10 days ago)
a tool for what?
Dealing with aphantasia
oh what kind of tools do they even make?
i'm sat here like, pen and paper seems fine enough
Well, cognitive pen and paper tools lol
oh ok
also i think this is why i don't really daydream
i mean i get lost in thought but it is clearly different
people keep telling me they imagine i must be more "grounded" which i wonder if that's true
i've spent a bunch of time explaining how i think to people these past few weeks and it was funny my therapist never heard of this
people also keep asking me if i dream in images or whatever which is funny
Some aphantasics are designers, so having it doesn’t mean you can’t draw things
When you draw things, you won’t be able to recall what you’ve drawn, but you can look at it and interpret it after it’s drawn.
also funny to me is how many people go "you must just be describing it wrong" but when all these people are fucking telling me they SEE with something other than their optic nerve i'm not doubting them!
well of course i can draw things
liam did this with me he said "draw africa" from memory so i did
i think i did fine
You can draw yourself diagrams and stuff and use them to get a similar benefit that other people get who do have inner imagery
oh sure yes i already do that i've had to how else would i possibly have done computer science
When I do trauma work, sometimes it’s a left brain / right brain thing, I write down the thoughts and reread it to make the other hemisphere get the idea
can you imagine me trying to understand what an API is without diagrams
Or I talk out loud
that's interesting though i thought the idea of brain hemispheres wasn't accurate
I guess I’m using it as a metaphor here
alexa told me a few days ago that the stages of grief isn't like this real thing
and oh ok that makes sense
yes it's interesting i have only one brain to me
also so far in my very small survey i think aphantasiacs are not prone to existential dwelling
It is true that our brains are mostly split into two sections, for whatever reason, and the only communication they have between them is thin and can’t transmit a lot of information
So that much is true
like people worry about what if reality isn't real and it's all memories or atoms or it's fake and we're all in the infinite universe gliding around and stuff
Drawing and writing are interpreted by both eyes and each eye is dedicated to a hemisphere, so eyes can be used to supplement the corpus collosum
when people discuss things of this nature i just get bored i don't get it at all, and it seems to be true also of the other aphantasiacs
oh and ok that's interesting
oh is that why people do the like
rapid eye movement desensitation blah blah therapy whatever its called
emdr
Emdr yeah
edrm
yeah boom nailed it
liam said my brain is like a keyword search which i'm ok with
so far my best explanation is like...
multiple threads of words run at once
The visual cortex also triggers different areas of the brain than your normal thoughts might trigger
Writing and reading can be a shortcut to triggering other areas
oh that's interesting
whenever i read i do feel like my brain switches modes
Im sorry you are dealing with this new knowledge about yourself, it sounds uncomfortable
I personally think it’s okay and I love my aphantasic friends for who they are
the weirdest experience i have had that doesn't seem to make sense given the aphantasia thing is that when i was younger i would read a novel in our spare bedroom
i would put the book down and then go do something and come back and i would be angry someone had turned off the tv
and oh that's ok
it's just a lot
i feel like the best metaphor i can think of is that i was born blind and i live in this current world and people takl about seeing stuff but i think it's a metaphor so i tlak about it too
then some day i find out actually they see stuff
very jarring
plus it's fine knowing this is very helpful it explains many things
because of my bad autobiographical memory i've had people insist i must have some really deep trauma or something i haven't unlocked yet which was more ominious and scary and it's nice to know it's just bc i have no mind's eye
I think it's more common than 3%
I've met so many people with similar behaviors, I want to say 20%
well you are also in a nerd field so your experiences i think probably don't align with the world
It's a significant portion of the population, and the trait evolved somehow and persists, so it must have some advantage
i am more comfortable going based off the research number
i think there's some benefits to it sure i don't know exactly what yet besides idk
when i explain things i confuse less people than the average person when they explain things
so that's one good one
like homosexuality is around 5% in every population, and they don't reproduce, but the trait persists, so I think there's some important benefit to it in a population
there's theories bc the more kids you ahve the more likely they are to be gay
and it's so that not everyone is battling for the bloodline or whatever i think is some theory
nothing i've said comes from a place of thinking it's bad i don't think it's bad i'm just shocked
there was one theory that stress hormones in pregnant women can cause it, so homosexuality is a way of tempering down social violence or something
it's like finding out that everyone else is seeing aliens everywhere they look but me
it's just confusing
also then there's hyperphantasia which is crazily common
like 20-30% or some shit
is that different from hallucinations lol
these mfers can just see an apple like on the table in front of them
they can like do a whole supermarket shopping trip in their second monitor or whatever
idk the easiest way i've understood this is that most people have two monitors, eye monitor and.....
brain space monitor
i might have that then
i only have eye monitor
I always want to ask questions because aphantasia is so neat and the people who have it are always so competent
if you don't mind me asking questions I probably will sometimes lol
when i first heard about it i was so confused and i spent like 6 hours trying to make a circle appear on the back of my eyelids and i was very emotional i tried very hard and then the next day just to find out that it's not on their fucking eyelids
insanity
and sure not at all i mean i'm dying to talk about aphantasia with eveyrone to the point that i've totally abandoned social norms and yesterday someone i never met sat down at the lunch table and i said
"hi i'm rowan can you see pictures in your brain"
haha
i should ask the staff at my building
i've been asking anyone who will talk to me for 5 seconds
i want to find more people who can't see in their brain
do you know anyone else yet?
just my mother, an internet human who told me about it, and one girl at my job but she said thinking about it makes her want to die
so she's off the table
bummer
i haven't asked my dad yet
they say it's genetic so that was my first thought
ok i have 2 questions
if you would answer them
sure of course i'm avoiding work
how is your spatial reasoning? like knowing where things are in a room?
i can be very precise about things sometimes like...
"your phone is under the bed, on the left side, close to the wall" but i also can't tell my left from my right still & i have a disorder that gives me really bad proprioception so i do slam into walls regularly so that kind of adds some confusion
that makes sense
but i am ok at navigation generally, i think i am not good at translating it into words like...
i don't know where left is if someone says it, but if it's a path i always go down i know it's "left" even if i'll mistakenly say someone should turn right
if something was behind you on your left, would you feel it behind you on your left?
feel it?
like if it touched my body?
like my tv is behind me on my left, without turning my head i can kind of feel it
no, just a sense
no definitely not but also i can't even tell where things touch me if i close my eyes because of the disorder that impacts proprioception
yeah it could be the proprioception
ok second question
how well do you think you handle emotional processing?
I'm wondering if emotional processing has something to do with visual imagery
hmm explain more what you mean by that
like i have extremely poor emotional regulation
but i'm not sure if that's related
I guess like, do you get stuck on emotions and have to abandon them and you're okay with it?
i cannot abandon an emotion
i get very stuck
hmmm
but also my emotions can switch really fast for no reason or for a reason
I couldn't think of a good enough question for this one lol
no it's ok!
so hm one thing i find interesting is when people say they "repress" an emotion
i cannot relate to this
i have never been able to repress a feeling
i ahve sobbed hysterically in public many times
also i have thought about this like hm
when I talk to someone who's aphantasic, I try to make complete syntactically correct sentences, with a subject and an object.
oh ok
that seems to help a lot
so maybe that will help
interesting
people like to make half-sentences where the rest of the sentence is the context of the conversation
yes i think i am a half-sentence maker often
oh interesting!
but also i'm easily confused by words
I was going to say you could ask people to use full sentences more often
i could try that! i don't mind much i am very confident in my ability to ask clarifying questions
i am the person in class who gladly asks 40 questions back to back
no worries there
clarifying questions are such a good skill!
i just got a phone call with the governor's id lmao
yes apparently! i get people coming up to me a lot lately esp since new job like
"i remember you from virtaul internship because you ask good questions"
"thank you for asking those questions it really helped me too"
even the facilitator said "i love having you in class you really ask good questions"
i find it weird when people say this stuff to me
everyone else has the questions too but they're relying on their mental model and hoping they got it right
it's sort of crazy how often visualizers rely on visual recognition to understand things
yeah no if i don't ask the clarifying quesitons i'll get a migraine unless i abandon understanding all together
yeah it is funny i have thought recently like "smh these people are probably just wrong but they'll never know"
that's very true
in their heads they're seeing lines and colors and thinking "ok how do these lines and colors help me find this null pointer exception"
no and especially if it's a complex topic i will also always restate it "so this is what you're telling me" until we are in agreement
but then also weirdly i had a professor once tell like jaw on the floor because he said i created a "mental model" of the internet faster than anyone he's ever met
so i guess it must have some benefits i just realized some of this stuff sounds very full of me but frankly when people say this stuff i'm like "you're weird"
like it's weird when people say this to me because i don't know how else i could possibly be
i ask questions because i need answers, not because i want to help others or because i want to look curious or whatever
it's like someone complimenting me for having brown hair like gee whiz thanks i'll let that section of my DNA know it's doing a good job
do you get lost in pictures a lot in your mind?
is it easier to get lost in pictures than in words?
i mean obviously i get distracted plenty but i don't know that i ever daydream really so i've been curious about that
I spent a lot-lot of time trying to become an engineer, so I learned to avoid doing that as much
but I used to daydream constantly
I didn't hallucinate, but it was that kind of 'two screens' thing
yeah i guess then you probably have the hyperphantasia thing
That's what I was saying! Maybe aphantasia is an important trait to have in a human population, evolved to help others understand (even though it's not your goal).
when i was first trying to understand i asked liam to "imagine a sheep and tell me when he's done" and then my friend with hyperphantasia said that's a funny way of saying it because there's no "doing" or "done"
maybe! not to be rude though i don't care i'm just annoyed how unclear the world is
i mean it's a nice side effect sure
whatever whatever i can suffer if it helps people blah blah
no "doing" or "done", that's a neat way to say it
yeah i'm so confused apparently like
you don't have to try to make the sheep happen
liam said i said imagine a sheep and the sheep was there

if you imagine a sheep is it most like #8 then?
yes
wow
that's fascinating
well, it's annoying too
if people describe too much I have to stop listening
oh interesting!
I started just focusing on compassion and empathy for the person speaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCviMIcWusE
hahah maybe you get along with aphantasiacs then i don't ever describe much because why would i that's boring and if i put in too much description how will people follow along with my words
she has some neat coping strategies too
when people decsribe things too much i can't keep up
that's interesting but also sounds annoying
not to be rude but she looks like she'd have aphantasia
hahaha
but also listening to people talk is really annoying for me
maybe if she were a professional makeup artist she would look different
I can summarize it
like 99% of the time i'm getting bored waiting for them to give me the rest of my words so i can figure out what the fuck is happening
oh no that's fine i'll watch it later
my brain is too sonic the hedgehog right now for a video though
can you have multiple thoughts at once?
liam apparently can't
hm
i can have many thoughts at once and last night he was laughing that i'm over here "multi-threading" which is a concept i can only slightly pretend to understand
I know I have multiple emotions at the same time, not sure about other thoughts
interesting
i only have narrative thoughts
it's me and my stadium of narration
obviously a metaphor there is no staium
no space
i also noticed a habit i do just now that is also probably related
which is that almost always when i google something i immediately hit the images tab
she's a milliner (hat maker), works with designers
- she makes cardboard models, takes photos, catalogues the photos
- she hyperfocuses on ideas, so she writes ideas on pieces of paper and puts them in a cloth bag and seals it
like i want to know what multi-threading is so i hit the images tab
this girl makes fedoras it all adds up
lol!
she probably has ADHD or autism too i think it's a thing
yeah
cloth bag is interesting, maybe the tactile sensation is helpful
in a way, you're probably good at pattern recognition and using what you recognize
like ok so idk maybe you find this interesting if you showed me this picture
and you said ok look at this for a minute and then in 30 min you're gonna draw it
other people stash the pattern in their head and re-recognize it every time, but that's not an option so you remember the insights
what my brain would be like is like....
multiple "threads"
like a different thread for each feature of the house? corners and stuff?
so i would go
red roof red roof red roof red roof....
three bushes three bushes three bushes...
front gable on right front gable on right front gable on right....
and then i would do as many of those in my head i can keep going as possible
i have a limit of course or i'll start to forget some and then maybe i'll be able to remember them later but maybe not
and that's how i'll think of it
so if you asked me to draw africa from memory i'm thinking ok, i know there's the madascar which people are going to forget, i know that it's got that flat part near egypt in the top right, i know it's kind of got this like..
funnel shape but more on the left hand side
and i'd make a list of all the things i can remember thinking about it
and then from the list i would draw what i could
but if something is not noteworthy to me and i never think about the thing
i will never be able to recall it
the visual cortex is really interesting - it has grids of neurons that connect between them, like how Deep Neural Networks are designed
in another form of extreme memory, fmri scans showed that these people use their visual cortex for memory!
but if i thought about it i can sometimes recall it for a long period of time, especially things i've repeated a lot
it's not just visual - imagining the sheep in its environment one can also smell it, smell the grass, feel its wool and the sharpness of the blades of grass, hear the cicadas, hear its bell if you want to put a bell in, hear its bleating, feel the humidity, feel a cool breeze come up, recall the taste of lamb, feel the cardinal directions and one's orientation in space - as much detail as you want
so i remember creditcards that experieced over 10 years ago and phone numbers i haven't dialed in 15 years
that's insane
i guess you are hyperphantasia
yeah <@724882617719193661> might be
fishtank has a mind's eye, a mind's nose, a mind's everything
i thought if people have mind's eye then do they have other mind's parts
but i only have a mind's mind womp womp
I think it's interesting in art
You would think an artist sees the art in their head and tries to reproduce it, but if you can't see the art in your head then making the art is how you think it.
i think maybe i have a mind's ...
neurological system maybe i don't know
yes i used to do art and usually it was like, "i wonder what this would look like" and i would make it happen
or i liked found art type things
i remember in school when professors would be like "ok b4 u code make sure to draw a lil UML type guy" and some ppl would just go right into coding but i could never do that
i'd probably explode on the spot first
cool!
that professor maybe also couldn't visualize
I've heard the aphantasia seems to be an advantage for some things  like programming
have you used Graphviz yet?
i haven't used anything! but pen and paper!
i try to make flowcharts but ADHD is like "we can't organize things" so the last time i tried i ended up in a room i had covered the walls and the ceilings with sticky notes and my boss walked in, looked around, and walked out
i felt bad i think she thought i was truly insane
https://edotor.net/?engine=dot#digraph%20%7B%0A%0Aidea1-%3Eidea2%0Aidea2-%3Eidea3%0Aidea3-%3Eidea4-%3Eidea5%0Aidea4-%3Eidea2%0A%0A%7D%0A
wow this is cool i like this
Graphviz is a library and tool and set of algorithms that take a directed graph and makes it look good as an image
I use it constantly
https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/CllNqL03XBW60CNA0YiarZ3v5bA=/0x0:1439x1067/1200x0/filters:focal(0x0:1439x1067):no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/9733697/Charlie___Sunny.jpg
piiiiiiiictures
literally this was me
but more
It's a way to write a long list of factual statements, and have it turned into a picture
they told me to make a 10 min presentation summarizing 6 months of learning and i was like
what the fuck
so i cut up every single note or power point slide they gave me and i laid them all out on the walls
and i stared at them and rearranged them for like 3 days
before i could come up with some subcategories
it was so much my poor brain
i wonder if i can use this at work
if it is an 'approved' work tool
i have been asking people i work with now to pls draw anything that takes more than like one sentence to explain
bc i'm lost after about a sentence
also this is funny bc liam htinks all brains are linked lists
I write python scripts to generate these sometimes
I do SRE, so a lot of servers calling other servers, layers of API calls, so I programmatically pull them all and draw their graph
it was funny bc liam went from "no u must see pictures u just are struggling with the metacognition" then i sent him studies that prove aphantasia isn't metacognition
so then now he's moved to "no one sees pictures they are just fools"
this kinda stuff gives me migraines
i mean not always but often
That's interesting, I wonder if the migraines are literally related
Maybe with more coping tools the migraines would lessen!
also this is interesting too bc of the object impermance problems with ADHD
yes it might
calculus gave me migraines until finally i was able to figure out why the fuck anyone is doing it
I've also noticed that, for whatever reason, the aphantasics I know don't like alcohol
alcohol tastes bad i don't believe in aquired tastes
except for with vegan food bc then i have purpose for acquiring
which is to not hurt an animal
otherwise idgi
it's only an acquired taste if you learn to enjoy the effects of the drug lol
alcohol taste terribel
alcohol isn't fun it just makes me horny and inappropriate
then i have to have an angel and devil on my shoulder and i have to figure out how to not try to make out with everyone
and that's very laborious and tiring
right!
so exhausting that's not fun
i dont have that problem unless im verrry drunk
i already have so much self management i have to do all the time
i have to drink a lot to really feel like anything is different besides i feel warm inside
and my mouth has a bad taste
i think i don't need alcohol because i just talk too much as it is so idk what else it does for people
like also i'm really anxious all the time and i'm pretty well adapted to that, a slight tempering of my anxiety is kind of meh no need
i can take magenisum and kava kava and l-theanine and sit in my room alone if i wanna feel relaxed
man i've done literally no work today except for done one PR
well
three bc three repos but same fix for all of them so one in my brain
lol
you'll get away with it
it's alright today
it's friday
yeah and i can't focus
i told my doctor to increase my meds i will try again with new meds
I've met aphantasiacs who tried to get inner visualizations by taking psychadelics, and they never work!
I mean it doesnt fix them long-term
'fix'
change
no lol
i've done so much doctor regulated ketamine
i don't even inner visualize during that
i mean i can hallucinate but not inner visauzlie
which makes sense if you can't run those neural networks backwards for neuromorphic reasons
psychadelic drugs flood your synapses to increase the probability of excitation, and if that excitation can't run backwards it just wont
I don't really like people who rely on intuitive abilities to get things done.
I still don't really know if I have problems experiencing emotion, but I do occasionally
Whenever someone gives me some action that I shouldn't do, like murder someone or cheat on a partner, I come up with a bunch of rational reasons not to do it.
that's interesting
When I tell people those reasons, they actually get really upset at me and tell me I should "just know" or that I'm heartless for even thinking about it
i don't know i don't think i just "know" anything
that's weird to me i'm not sure
To me, if there's a rational reason not to do something, I don't need to tax my emotional brain with it.
oh hm
i don't know i can't control my emotions
what about the other senses? I practice inner hearing, smell, taste, touch, orientation in space
i cannot inner do anything
there is no "inner"
the concept of "inner" is weird to me
<@724882617719193661> can you imagine yourself being hungry?
can you?
yes, of course
or needing to poop
other senses :p
yes
i can't imagine that
i can imagine what i would think if i were hungry
some are a bit less vivid than others, and whenever that's the case, I've found they can be strengthened
although i did some yoga class not long ago and she told us to breathe in one foot and out the other & she also said to breathe just to fill up to your knees, then to your hips, etc and that's easy as shit
but i can't imagine doing that
i can do it but i can't imagine it
so you place your awareness in that part of the body? Where does your mental awareness typically center itself in the body?
i don't have mental awareness i don't understand that idea
liam asked me that
the aphantasiacs of a population may be the 'clarifiers' 😛
where am "i" in me
no idea
that question is insane to me
i can't even entertain it on some level
capable of every task in the society, but demanding clarity
yeah idk what we are but i'm thinking it's probably really cool
i did one yoga class where she was like
if you can do this yoga pose where you play dead
you take a breath and go "this is my last one" and play dead
that's the only yoga pose you need and idk then you're like
whatever that's the whole point of yoga is to do that
happy baby & play dead tie for easiest yoga pose i was like
I say 1-3% is "common" because I have this particular belief:

The Dunbar number is around 140, which is the number of direct personal relationships an average person has
1/140 is 0.7%
If the incidence of a condition is 0.7% or greater, then (feasibly) every person in the population knows someone who is like that.
it's my Harvey Milk theory
well fine whatever i think 1/140 isn't enough
because im the 1/140
i would like to be not the one
maybe if you're one of the 139 it's easy to go "yeah i know someone like that so who cares"
but being the 1 ain't for me
we all have our unique parts, and we may fit roles in the standard 140-sized nomadic population.
yeah yeah sure sure right
you are the 1/140 for this, I'm the 1/140 for tourettes, people fit roles
when a condition is <0.7%, though, that is kinda weird
I start to worry about those people never fitting in
in the 1/140 for too many things
ah fuck
tourettes is actually 0.3%
oops
fml
it's within the higher range of dunbar, 400
maybe that's why i have more highly social friends
<@636681296457891862> you're amazing and I am glad to know this new thing about you!
hey don't be sad
i have something that's .0013% of people if that makes you feel better
it does
i never bothered to check just how rare my rare disorder / disease thing is but i just went and checked for you
in US supposedly 1.3 per 100k, measurements from .25-2 per 100k elsewhere
do you know the Harvey Milk story?
I'm proud of that joke :p
rare enough that if u have it in england they kindly ask you to pls register with the National Congenital Anomaly and Rare Disease Registration Service (NCARDRS)
and i don't i mean i saw the movie i think not that i remember it (of course)
england makes you register yourself for your genes
that's weird.
reminds me of that time they killed alan turing
oh i mean im in many registries and studies at this point
"The NCARDRS helps scientists look for better ways to prevent and treat erythromelalgia
You can opt out of the register at any time."
not mandatory
but it is opt-out so that's a bit suspicious but i don't mind i would like to know how to fix this disorder / disease / "anomaly"
i'm gonna start saying i have an anomaly i like that
Harvey Milk was a gay man in San Francisco who was the first in public office, his campaign was something like "everyone knows at least 1 gay person", encouraged families to accept their gay children and stuff
so it's that "everyone knows at least 1" idea
true enough
hey well now you get to be special too
🙂
bc if you say 400 is the amount
out of 100k that means idk 250 groups of 400
and you're in the one that i'm in because there's only one of me in 100k!
yeah i can find other touretters pretty easily
i have never met anyone else with my condition
i think even the subreddit is only like 1k ppl
for whatever reason the statistics really helped me feel comfortable with stuff
that makes sense to me
the aphantasia?
no
errbody in the house aphantasiac
i have erythromelalgia
i probably spelled it wrong i spell it wrong a lot it's a hard word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwXeN2FsE7w
https://rarediseases.org/rare-diseases/erythromelalgia/
my brother says he is aphantasiac - just sees outlines or something
lol
fake news that's not aphantasia
he sees something he needs to sit down
HEY
NO JARROD IN THIS SERVER
You know the rules
i have another thing thats estimated at 1/10,000-1/15,000
but they did find a genetic marker for me yet they just haven't identified it yet
so maybe when they subclassify me for real i'll be like one of these ppl in my disorder category who is one of 60 ppl in the world
it's kinda crazy that i have some weird thing that maybe in 15 years i'll get a letter like "oh hey we figured out your mututation" well hopefully at least
lol wait a minute, <@636681296457891862> you said your favorite music is 90s rap right?
some of the mutations i'd be likely to be dead by then
and yes!
can you recall what it sounds like without actively listening to it?
no
i can remember what i think about it
🤣
i mean i can sing songs from memory
I'm just mocking 90s rap right now
it's like drawing africa same thing
wow that's rude it's extremely good music i'm sorry u lack good taste
so you don't project an image on the blank page, and then just trace over that?

lol
he's kidding no one does that
i wanna be like that's so weird but then i remember aphantasia is like 20-30% of ppl and i'm like 1-3%
actually i have seen josh do that
idk man i met a girl who can put an apple right on the table in front of her
see so some people can
that sounds really boring actually
what's the point of drawing then how dumb
HAHA
SEE?!@!
We all draw, but you and me and josh have different experiences
we all share the same human experiences but we're all different and still 'together'
if i could see in my mind i would never draw anything
why bother
hahaha perfect
i mean i guess to show someone else
but instead i would use my words
to show them in their mind
i totally forgot about Chingy and his fake accent
but still
i guess you have to draw if you're talking to me
but unless i was talking to someone like me i wouldn't draw
even then i'd probably be like "meh that's a small amount of people they can use google"
omg we should do one of those shared drawing things
<@229250171475722240> and me did one a while ago it was fun
oh this reminds me i am good at pictionary
an exquisite corpse?
yeah there are web versions now
i love when people have me do scrriblio i'm so good at it
how do you try to remember things from your brain then
like, <@636681296457891862> , do you understand how important it is for everyone to experience social relationships to people with different perspectives?
the 'average' person doesn't exist (link to hundreds of articles)
right sure
there's no average person just average traits
i love how you say this yet you work in a nerd land job
but yes
we aren't human unless we understand all of the traits of humanity in the people we associate with (within 140)
there's a joke about this in Silicon Valley
how "they always seem to form groups, 3 white guys, 2 indians, and 1 asian"
https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/do-you-live-in-a-bubble-a-quiz-2
my job recommended me this
i took it and it was bang on i was impressed
lol once I started makign enough money I started traveling
but i did also think most of the reason it was so bang on is because i am socially isolated
yes, you are more socialized that I am, I acknowledge that
wait that's not what i'm saying
this thing said i had a very small bubble and it was right
I've started going to strip clubs to start my journey of getting more acclimated to normal people
lmao
I can at least pay them to help me
my therapist won't do much besides parrot my statements
i couldn't go to a strip club i don't think it would make me too sad
why not
I imagine it would be boring not being able to remember things
because i couldn't affect any change and i'd be watching people with no choice do what they do
I actually close my eyes a lot at strip clubs
i am not bored at all ever
they're there voluntarily, they work
i can generate 50 new thoughts every minute
yeah sure
what a capitalist thing to say
how about producing or imagining an emotion or feeling? I'll either recall the physical sensation - the physical discomfort, elevated heartbeat, etc, of fear or anger, for example - or reconstruct something that induces the feeling - an event, a smell, perhaps music
they usually have other jobs, I've met a bunch out of the club
"they are they voluntarily" and this man says he's a communist people
hey I'm sorry I'm a better capitalist than you other wage slaves lol
no i can only imagine what i might think in these moments
so it's a sequence of words?
exclusively yes
but not physically
there is no imagining the words either
fascinating!
I think of that as something different than just producing inner senses
one time a woman who got kicked out of her rehab because she had an abscess from IV heroin use and her antibiotics got lost in transit from ER to the place stopped me to use my phone and i'm not dumb i'm not gonna hand a stranger my phone so i let her call from my phone and her friend didn't pick up so i told her i would drive her to the bus station
i did and we drove in the car and she told me how she does sex work and lives in motels bc she has no choice
but also she doesn't see a point how her life could change so whatever anyways
she was basically born homeless and also she asked me if i did drugs and i said no i did not which she said was good.

she lived in the town above mine (bradenton) and i lived in sarasota and she had never before left bradenton to go to sarasota so she was very lost
i told her i went to college (she had never heard of the idea of college, only of like..
technical college not like college for a bachelors and she never heard of USF or new college even tho it's on the border of the cities.

i dropped her off at the big bus station and bought her a pack of cigarettes and gave her money for the bus and i left
i think that was maybe the thing where i met someone the most different from me.
one of my favorite 90s rap songs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTwGUhr-uKM
it was also a moment of knowing there was simply nothing i could do so
but then also knowing that i probably did more than most anyone else ever has in her life
it was a weird moment
she was nice and i felt sad
i think i would feel that way at a strip club
but maybe worse because i'm being a patron directly and more directly creating this demand
i haven't ever personally been involved in the heroin trade, drug rehab centers, or the medical field so i don't think i felt as sad i would in that scenario
that's what a lot of people think about strip clubs
from a feminist perspective, a lot of the harm that comes to people who do sex work is from the full illegalization instead of a lack of regulation and legal support
i mean i know there's some of these more "empowered" ones where women who did have a choice made the choice and said no thanks mom & dad i appreciate the prepaid college but i wanna do THIS
and they do that instead
and then they go around telling everyone that sex work is EMPOWERING
I first went to one in Portland
Apparently, Portland is known for having strip clubs
I actually just wanted to get a beer, and only the strip clubs were open.
and then there's the women who were born to drug addicted mothers who didn't know how to read and write who still make up the majoirty of the sex work industry
and yeah i think portland is very much one of the Feminist Empowerment Strip Club places
i guess i could go to one of those
So I went to a few in Portland, then i went to Boston to find out what it's like there
but it would feel to me like how i feel when random white college students do cocaine and think it's cool
so i don't know that i would like it anyways
I have some pretty good explanations for it that you might be able to appreciate that other people don't like
'it' being me going to strip clubs lol
not strip clubs in general, still trying to figure them out
what's wrong with cocaine?
doesnt last long enough
i just think there's some irony that white people can do cocaine and not go to jail and then people of color do crack cocaine which has heavier sentencing and they go to jail
and i think there's something interesting about the levity of the situation when i watch privileged people doing drugs
ah! But you do it once or twice, then you can always recall and imagine the feeling afterward
because they know they won't end up like those other peopele
i don't think anyone who has done cocaine is a bad person
that misses the mark of my message there
i just think i don't typically find myself comfortable in situations where if i tweak one or two things and i had significantly less privilege it would be like one of the most depressing things about society
hmmm maybe that makes sense but maybe it doesn't
I care about the plight of poor and colored americans, yes, but outrage and avoidance only lasts for so long
I try to see them as people.
I had been housing a drug-addled homeless girl for the past 3 months to try to rehabilitate her, I joined her in some things and passed on others.
that's nice of you
My impact won't be as big as sweeping legislation to illegalize drugs or fund rehab programs, but I did what I do.
right yes
i don't think i would partake
i think if i can "switch" out of a bad situation that easily i find myself uncomfortable partaking in it
i don't think that makes me see people as any less human
i just don't want to treat people's actual life as an experiential moment for me
Well, would you be able to understand their situation if you don't experience it with them?
You could try to meet strippers in other environments
doing drugs one time with them then going back to my fancy apartment and my comfort is not experiencing it with them
and i think telling myself that is experiencing it with them is very insulting
I think there will always be some level of judgement
The other people I meet in San Francisco have 'compassionate' views of the homeless drug problem here, but they also separate them as "those people".
i would rather listen to them and try to understand why and how those things occur to begin with, i think that gives me more understanding without perhaps "continuing" or "contributing" in ways i am unsure if are good
When I try to talk to them, I try to get (at least) a slightly different perspective than my peers, though it's still judgemental
hm i don't know i don't feel that judgmental myself
like the girl I housed, Lilya, she had gotten help from other people in the past, she cried to me that no matter how much help she had gotten her life and emotional stability still didn't improve, so I made a point to not patronize her and give her money to go away
when i was in NYC actually a homeless guy who was missing a shoe and bleeding all over (it was very gruesome) was telling us about his life and story and asking for new shoes and actually the whole time i thought "this could be me or anyone i know"
Giving her money would have been judgemental
i felt the only difference was the privileges afforded to me by my birth really
i didn't buy him shoes or anything because i'm scared of strange men for the most part but i listened to his story and it was actually extremely hard for me to just like not think about it for the rest of the night it was weird the girls i were with did not think about it after it was done
I accept and understand the idea of 'privilege', but I also don't care too much about it
It's not unreal, it's just not the best issue for me to use right now.
i guess right
that's fine
i don't want to give money to a strip joint
i don't like what they do in general
Oh I give them a lot of money
and I get tons of lapdances
and sometimes I have sex with them
got it
I chose to only do what they ask me to do
right
it's not very satisfying, but I have noticed some latent intent to go back when I otherwise wouldn't want to, so there may be other emotions going on that I"m not aware of, and those are helpful
this makes me think of when my mom had the doorman at my building like stand in my aparment for an undue amount of time because wanted to take photos of me
and i was moritified
and she said "look it's fine it's his job he's fine right?"
that's fucking horrible
and he was smiling and he said "yeah this is fine it's a good break"
and she said "yeah exactly it's a good break"
and i was like "mom it's his job to be polite and courteous you realize that right"
i made my mom's boyfriend give him a massive tip the whole thing was outrageous
why?
he didn't say he wanted to leave or that he didn't like standing in my apartment
standing in your apartment, trying to take photos of a child
no doorman ive ever had would do that
oh he didn't take pictures of me
he just stood there with the cart bc he's not allowed to leave the cart
ohh
ok
but my mom was fussing and taking a long time
and taking pictures and whatever
so he stood there for like 8 minutes for no reason
but of course it is his job to be polite and my building has "full service" concierge and so it's their job
it is very weird but i wanted to live in this building so now i have this weird service
when I started going to strip clubs, I assumed the same thing everyone assumes - the girls arent there by choice, they need the money and dont get paid enough, they all have kids to take care of, they are lying about going to college, they dont really have other jobs, they have no future prospects, once they get older they're just going to age-out and be broke again
I was working on some sexual trauma issues, and I genuinely wanted a therapist who would be willing to do 'somatic' work, but that doesnt exist in the united states
I tried to hire escorts in Las Vegas, but they didn't know what they were doing so I went to Boston
interesting
most of the women I brough to the VIP room were willing to excessive things, and that wasn't what i was looking for
most of them, though, gave me their phone numbers
i mean i just think it's interesting that you think anyone is at any job by choice lol it still doesn't compute for me
I got to talk to them over time and meet them and I realized that my assumptions about them were wrong
we would text and I've gone back to Boston to meet them not fo rsex
well i'm glad that was a positive experience for you then
most of them actually are in college or have degrees
the one who helped me the most was Jessica, she had obviously had some psychology training becuase of the boundaries she kept despite a clearly higher payout if she did other things
i did sex work and regret it and a good friend of mine also worked at a brothel and she regrets it, i'm not against the practice as a whole but i do think currently it is pretty heinous even though of course some people want to do it
did it help with the trauma? I didn't know you were doing that, but I did recommend a female masseuse
It did, yes.
good!
that is good!
I'm sorry you and your friend has bad experiences
For the record, I'm not saying it's a great job
I don't recommend it to people.
I was certain to explain to them that I was working through something, what I was working through, how I intended to treat them, and how I would like to be treated, and maybe 60% of them were okay with that
2 of them were life-long sex workers, and I felt bad about working with them
they were also the least respectful of my boundaries, and I left for a bit so they couldn't touch me
I actually started going to strip clubs explicitly because of the rigid boundaries
if I say no, I dont give money, and they stop
It’s fine
If they say no, there's a bouncer 50 feet away and he will pummel me into the ground after dragging me outside
The existence of consent was what I wanted, and regular clubs dont have that
I see women getting drugged and abused at regular clubs, it was disgusting
Strip clubs were a more chaste place imho
Strip clubs have a lot of interesting safeguards
Aside from the clear and present boundaries and the bouncers, there are several exits and isolated changing rooms
At nice clubs, the performers are escorted to their cars by the bouncers
I think sex work makes the most sense in terms of this sort of thing or for disabled people
That makes sense I guess there is more of a contract
I guess at least they are more aware of the dangers of being female or what have you
I was reading reviews of regular straight clubs in San Francisco, and thy have 3star or under ratings, and the reviews say the staff did nothing when guys would hide in the girl's bathroom and take photos of girls in stalls, and the management does nothing
at a strip club, the management will exile you
Interesting just makes me want to stay away from both really haha
At a strip club, the dancer performs on the stage and invites men to do things
At a regular club, men grind up on women who are not interested.
Right
Sorry I'm a little emotional right now
I'm working my way out from strip clubs to regular clubs, trying to feel more stable among average people.
hmm! I went to one once, but I recall there being no intimacy at all, so it was a very asexual place to me
Putting dollar bills on them seemed as senseless and unappealing as putting dollar bills on a sidewalk, or a drill press, or a ten-ton statue of a dead dog
And more willing to punch guys who drug drinks.
I found one performer at Crazy Horse who is crazy good at being sensual
She's been working for 13 years, but it seems like she just started out to fulfil a kink lol
Mimi, she's amazing
Some of the ladies have onlyfans accounts (so their likeness is public), but others have told me theyre afraid to do it
so it doesn't have to be as exposing
It takes a lot of skill to work as a stripper
Granted, the moves they do are finite and are repeated a lot, but there is a skill to learn, and a lot of fitness to maintain.
I've asked some ladies to let me grind on them, and they've allowed it
so in these situations, you're a static viewer, more receptive, while they're actively trying to arouse you or make experience a craving for them?
ohh ok yes, so you wanted to be active sometimes
I would say yes, I guess
Nothing to be sorry about
Throwing money on the stage is always uncomfortable for me
I usually ask another lady to do it for me.
I also think if you aren’t comfortable in regular clubs that is fine I mean I have not been to one I don’t think that’s particularly odd
At first I just put a stack on the table.
I read a bunch of life-stories from strippers on some insider stripper forums and reddit groups
Most of them do get educations and do have degrees, but a surprising number of them continue in sex work because it pays so well.
Jessica still says she's looking forward to her own practice, and I'll help her with that
lol it's hard for me to think outside of BDSM terms, but in the more passive role of the viewer, it seems more bottomish than toppish, right? You're providing them an empty space in which they take on various forms
YES
aha!
a strip club is a place for a man to be a bottom 🤣
if you try to get dominant at all, you get kicked out
and if you try to pull out your cell phone they will drag you out
strip clubs are taboo, but they're normal
in Portland, I saw a lot of women in the 2 clubs I went to, they go with their boyfriends/husbands, and sometimes they go with a group of girls
in SF, it's about 30% of the time
in Boston, I only saw 1 girl in a club
wait no, there were 4
only 1 talked to me
I don't think strip clubs are bad, I think we should have more of that sexual energy and boundaries in regular clubs
In the 70s, we had dancing poles and cages in clubs!
Now, we put everyone together in a small dancing area, they all stand on the fringes, the men salivate at the few women who choose to be there, and the men choose their next target
because the sexuality isn't open and accepted
I tried to get on a pole at one of the strip clubs and a bouncer yelled at me
I want an open-mic night, or regular clubs with polls and shows from the audience
I want bisexual strip clubs goddamnit!!!!!
I go there, and swtg i hold my head in my hands like a little boy appreciating how these people can express and experience their sexuality because I can't
Women deserve to feel safe
They're more willing to be sexual when they feel safe, and for god's sake they want to be sexual like every other human being
Strip clubs are, ironically, very safe.
The solutions aren't going to come from making sex work or sex itself taboo, it will come from making sex and sex work safer and addressing the bad circumstances that compel people to think sex work is the only option
Lilya kept insisting she would just be a stripper or prostitute to solve her homelessness issue, so I helped her directly, and I took her to a strip club so she could see that it's not bad or good, it's just not the solution for her
These things are hard!!!
People who don't live in San Francisco, or who live in the cushy areas with no homeless people, tell me "oh its such a shame, all those homeless people"
then they say dumb shit like "we should really give them all homes"
fucking talk to them and find out what they're actually going through
every point above 20% that the average rent goes above the median income increases homelessness
you can give people free housing and increase wages, but once housing gets to 20% you have a different population to deal with
well, another thing you could consider trying - go camping in some remote area, where you won't risk encountering anybody
Since like me you're on the queer spectrum, there might be times when you feel more toppish, others when you're feeling more bottomish - more Yang days, some more Yin.
So, if you're in a toppish phase, take off all your clothes, lie back on some sun-warmed area or rock, identify yourself with the rock and the entire earth, and *fuck the sky.* Feel yourself as all form, all beings, all matter, and identify the object of your desire with the sky.
On more bottomish days, go the other way - be the sky, the space between and within all things, and let your desire be for form - not a particular form, but all form, be receptive, and let the earth fuck you
Embrace your partner, which is all matter and form that arises from and dissipates within the womb of space
At the end of this practice, you experience yourself as the union of form and emptiness.
So you embody the symbolism of matter and space mating.
0.5% of the population of SF is homeless, 0.3% of them could probably be housed and their issues would go away
But then we'll have 0.2% to deal with, and the same solution will be "give them housing"
A homeless lady lived behind my friend's apartment, he talked to her regularly, her daughter would come by sometimes and insist that she come back and live with them in their home a few blocks away, and she would refuse.
Homeless is sometimes more comfortable for people with severe emotional issues.
In the same way, sex work is more comfortable for some people
It doesn't mean it's great, it means it's different problem.
You can fix the majority of nefarious sex-work issues, but if we continue to think that all of sex work is people who have those issues then we wont know when we've solved it
What regularly-collected metrics do we use to get rid of the exploitative sex-work problems?
It's an industry that's notoriously quiet about it's behaviour, because it's illegal and unregulated
lol fuck the sky, i like it
What's the real problem with sex work?

CAPITALISM
🙂
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
Gotta ask the question, right? Would sex-work still exist in a communist economy?
I think it would, and not just for people who want money on top of their rations.
It's a valid job that doesn't *need* to be done, but can be done
it doesn't exist in Hutterite communes
also, you might like this <@724882617719193661> , I've been doing an "anti-bucket list" recently
it's a list of things that people have explicitly told me not to do, but have done themselves
strip clubs is one of them
nice! I didn't know it was an official list
I am taking new entries
if you have anything to unrecommend me
oh right, conjure a demon
oh yeh, lots of people tell you not to do that
but I think a lot of them saying that have never done it
a lot of the demon-hating comes from people trapped in deluded dualistic views
some things on my list:
- GHB
- date a black girl
- dress slutty in public
- wear lingerie
- cheat on a romantic partner
- dive off a cliff
- get a job in a big company
- interrupt sexual abuse
- play a video game for too long
- bdsm
- buy a house
- quit your job without another lined up
- have sex with a man
- join a militia
these are experiences that other people have done yet discourage me from sharing with them
since you're in SV, be sure to add - vote Republican
california is mostly red
so this is specifically focused on things people tell you to do *that they have done themselves,* not the things they tell you to do that they themselves haven't, right? Is there a list for that?
After watching the bad movies on here, I think it's affected my evaluation of how to live life.
that's why we do it!
Yes
It's important that they've done it.
They've deprived me of important cultural experiences which they consider 'bad'
Because, realistically, they didnt think I would trust them
They thought I would do them anyway
So every bit of messaging I get from my peers is to never do it, so there's no way I would ever do it if I lsitened to them, but I'm isolated if I don't do it
I wish there were a GPT model for the GFE
I think that could help a lot of people.
that wouldnt be too hard
a markov bot would probably be enough
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1010284142145056808/Stolen-from-the-Web.jpg
<@517783191910744070> what should I not do?
What things have you done that I shouldnt do because it will ruin my life?
oh man that is great question Dan
You've already learned and used Javascript, so I can't say not to use is.
that's a good one though
https://www.forbes.com/quotes/6662/
'Don’t make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans, or they’ll treat you like dogs.'
holy fuck dude
somebody trying to deprive you of part of the human experience
that's dark
'dogs' are workers, right?
yeh, sounds like coded Capitalist talk
<@517783191910744070> TELL ME NOT TO DO SOMETHING
CMOOOON
<@724882617719193661> what should I not do
ok..
   Don't go on Chat Roulette with your camera on.
I don't believe you've done that
Well, is 'ruin your life' mean 'my  life' ?
sure
or something you wound up not liking
Oh in that case, I take that suggestion back.
yeah I'm not trying to do dumb shit just to do dumb shit
I'm trying to relate to the dumb shit you've done
because I'm a reliable person, I don't do dumb shit if you tell me not to
oh, well I dont think Ive done anything to ruin my life.
But you do it, and that makes me less relatable
Ok, then a separate question, what are things I shouldnt do because you regret doing it?
Oh I can think of plenty for a list like this!
YES ^^^
Hit me up help me add to my list
I don't regret what I have done, though I now know (because of my age/experience) of more efficient ways to achieve my goals.
I wouldn’t change anything but stuff I wouldn’t recommend

- fly to a stranger’s house that you haven’t seen don’t know much about
- star in a porn video that makes it to the front page of pornhub
- cosmetic surgery
- live in a roach infested home to save money
- get baker acted
That’s my list of things I have done I would not recommend
Oh also don’t cut your leg open and expose all the layers of your innards
Fixed!
I guess I could tell you the opposite of the rules I follow? Would that work, Dan ?
those are good <@636681296457891862>
I've lived in a roach infested home to save money, so that's solid
I may skip the part about being on the frontpage of pornhub because I might not make it that far
Oh I have more
yes please
Don’t put a 16” dildo all the way into your butt
Don’t do a deep enema with shower water
Don’t jump out of a moving car
(You won’t be able to land on your feet even if it’s going slow)
I didn’t mean to make my list so life threatening
But here we are’
these are good
Oh also don’t take a half a bottle of Tylenol 0/10
the 16" dildo, is that all the way inside, like difficult to remove? or 90% inside?
Don’t drink a bottle of ipicac
https://www.squarepegtoys.com/shop/slink/
It’s this toy in medium
Something about having a toy so deep into your butt you feel it under your rib in your large intestine
that sounds interesting
Lmaooo so you gonna do all this too?
well it's an anti-bucket list, i may not get to it
I don’t recommend it
some of it has to do with helping me relate to people more, so some of them are common-misbehaviors, but there are some people id like to relate to more who aren't as common
but some people i dont intend to relate to as much, like <@724882617719193661>
Oh ok
he has too many things
😅
i guess i should write down my own huh
i dont experience regret a lot
I shan’t be having an anti-bucket list I am happy to learn from others
I don’t have any regrets
Wouldn’t change anything life is too fragile
so is the goal to *acquire* regrets or the faculty of regretting?
the goal is to acquire relatability through regrets
That is very unrelatable to me
oh ok, I was going to say, none of us here seem to be good at the dwelling on regrets thing
Maybe we're more on the 'his pulse never got above 85, even when he ate her tongue' end of things
If someone enacted my mistakes to relate to me I would find that highly unrelatable but were all different are we not
well, cosmetic surgery is common enough that i might do it
getting baker acted maybe, i dont need security clearance
enema is a good idea
enemas are good, but it's specifically doing it the wrong way
yeah
i have to do it the wrong way at least once
otherwise i woudlnt have done it
Yes gotta do it the wrong way
It’s fine just not a great idea
I have three pelvic prolapses now
But I don’t know if that’s why or one of my conditions probably the condition
Cosmetic surgery is a good one
You should get a random Halloween flash tattoo
I have a bloody eyeball on the back of my ankle
You should get a facial piercing
mine:
- don't stay in a relationship longer than 2 years without getting married
- don't work for startups
- don't drain your bank accounts at strip clubs
- don't avoid medical care, dentists
- don't trust your parents after you leave
- don't let people sexually abuse you
- don't buy an expensive hat
- don't take people who insult you seriously
- don't start smoking cigarettes
- don't take MDE
- don't watch the Emoji movie
- don't drive without a license, insurance, or registration if you can afford it
You know I think I’ve had enough experiences
OLD
I’ve been in three psych wards and my parents who don’t talk held a porn intervention for me
What else does a person need
you gave up at the Emoji movie, didn't you?
I mean I could but why
didn't we watch that three times?
yes
I think I’ve done most of the things on your list except for strip clubs which we’ve established I won’t do
you can pay them $300 to just talk to you about stuff
I smoked a pack of cigarettes once because I found them on the ground and the internet told me it can help with ADHD
yeah I think I’d rather not
they lie to you, and it's interesting practice to discern their lies from their truths
It’s just not my vibe I mean maybe one of the cushy ones in Portland but meh
I don’t struggle with discerning lies
But that does seem like a good place to practice that
I found an autistic stripper at the place closest to my apartment
I love her so much lol
her stripper name is Seven
and she told me she was on her period yesterday
Oh also don’t live in a house with bed bugs for a year
Worst year of my fucking life
that one is solid
I was sleeping in two full body zoot suit whatever the fuck they’re called and spraying myself down with rubbing alcohol every night *shudder*
SF has a big problem with bed bugs so i could find one
oh, that reminds me
Don't visit London for any length time
Just don't
Two of these every night bro
I had 120 welts on me at any given moment
Insanity
that's amazing
I like London I think you should visit
now there are conflicting sentiments
I despise it
It wasn’t amazing I was losing my grip on reality from having so many allergic reactions at once for so long
yes yes yes~!
Also no one believed that I had bedbugs, I remember when I found the first bedbug, I never felt more vindicated my entire fucking life
I put him in a plastic bag and I stuck it to the fridge
lol, they're like, "you don't have bedbugs, you're just welty, like as a person"
Literaly
No it’s probably not bed bugs you just have a bunch of welts in a straight line you wake up with for no reason
Exactly
Oh also do not live in a hoarding home
i would recommend most things ive done, and i do recommend them
Oh ok good
especially starting a nonprofit
you can easily find bed bugs in London
Just take your horse dildo with you
a two-for-one
Wait but bed bugs travel on fabric
Oh I also don’t recommend getting a bunch of expensive medical tests you don’t understand because your doctor says to
yes, that one
But also getting the QSART done was fascinating so idk maybe do it
don't skip your antidepressant medication for 3 days
You’ve already avoided doctors and dentists
I want to watch things like that
Now you should just go to the mayo clinic and if they think you’re a freak of nature say yes to every test
dont take octopamine
Got it
I don’t take anti depressants so I can’t try that one
They measured my sweating
don't live with bro's
It cost like $1200 for someone to measure my sweating
thats dumb
It was cool do it
Get a QSART
People always tell you not to join a cult
I could tell you, don't be born into some apocalyptic, millenarian cult
oh yeah, cults
Yeah there’s a lot of places probably not to be born
you could try the Twelve Tribes community
My friend did Hare Krishna for a min
i got a book from them
You should join the vegan restaurant  cult
It seems chill
yeah i think thats twelve tribes
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loving_Hut
It’s loving hut
oh shit theyre a cult?
they operate the Yellow Deli restaurants
they're in the mall
The largest vegan food chain
It seems like a pretty chill cult
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ching_Hai
don't catcall women on the street
This is their leader
Oh ok yeah that makes sense
There's an entire reddit forum of exmos who will tell you not to join Mormonism
https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/
so Ching Hai is a restauranteur / cult leader
One time I wanted to tell a girl I liked her hair but I was like eh, hearing yelling from that far away is hard and I don’t want to make her uncomfortable
Yes!
Loving Hut is so cool
oh, don't hire escorts in las vegas
- this one is mine
They have their own TV network
oh god
The posters are so funny
don't go to a university right after high school
Oh too late!
But I agree
Mistake
don't pay your bills if you are low on money
oh no! His Holiness Dorje Chang Buddha III passed into nirvana this year
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91cBfjkF3pL.jpg
I mean idk maybe if you’re mentally stable go for it
im just going with this id say now
this person looks like a huge dork
Why don’t pay your bills
poor people literally cant afford things, they cant afford the things they need, like at all, and they feel obligated to pay their bills because they think itll help them when it really doesnt
its better for them to just suffer the consequences
Wow I do not agree
what they should really do is buy a house and file bankruptcy
0/10 did not like having a place to live but fair enough
but this is not a discussion about recommendations!
Ok fine
:p
he was the second reincarnation of Vimalakirti, and performed several miracles, such as avoiding paying fraud claims and having his Interpol arrest warrant withdrawn
That is miraculous
don't go to burning man -- but ive never been
dont listen to <@724882617719193661> 🤣
god damnit <@517783191910744070> hit enter
don't drink alcohol during the day 😦
why would you not do that?
a) Don't ignore the money, when people try confuse you with bullshit

b) Don't think of money as finite or limited, there is always more money and even infinite-money
  
c) Don't stop making a new friend, every friend is potential clone of your morals/ethics and a potential beneficial actor in the future
 
d) Don't make enemies of people with talent, one day their talent will become a potential tool.
e) Don't ignore surprises, every surprise is a conspiracy against you or involving you
f) Don't believe that your job defines who you are ethically/morally.
g) Don't keep people from accepting a sword from you, that they will fall upon.
h) Don't disagree with people that will eventually destroy themselves, especially when they have power and think they are doing good deeds.
i) Don't entertain, advise, or encourage crazy people.
j) Don't date anyone until you're convinced that person is not crazy.
k) When in doubt about what to do, don't forget to watch and re-watch https://youtu.be/GrhSLf0I-HM?t=22    "closing" means "real-politik"
<@517783191910744070> which of these have you personally done?
All of those.
h) is important in the day of the SJW, etc.
you've ignored money, thought of it as finite, stopped making friends, made enemies with talented people, ignored surprise, etc?
Yes.
excellent
But I've reversed course on all of those.
<@452906813558489100> help us in <#979894864709824582> , we're coming up with lists of things to not do
as long as youve done them and dont recommend them
don't get into any long-term relationship
Oh yes, I recommend all those 'don't suggestions'.
don't go to dance clubs
straight dance clubs **
I would also add 'Don't make enemies of beautiful people.'
dont talk to gay guys who insist they're straight
LoL
cringe
<@151994782246240257> help me with my antibucket list
Also:  Don't make enemies of children
<@151994782246240257> what are some things you would recommend I dont do that you have done
Children have a +100 immunity bonus in real life.
don't call your grandma when she's super old and talk about family trauma
And make all critical rolls.
don't date your friends ex-girlfriends
I would say they are the most dangerous of all human beings.
don't get drunk around children
Don't regret stuff
<@151994782246240257> i dont have a lot of regrets, but everybody else does, so I'm trying to share experiences with them so I don't feel so alienated
if i could learn to regret, i may be more relatable
so ill write it down
Think about all the billions of $$$ that the Catholic Church has exposed, because of children.
You're being weird
well then it's a multi-week weird thing
when have i not been weird
should i not be weird?
Not you
oh you can ignore rodney lol
he says interesting things sometimes tho
Also Dan, here is a good one:  Don't invest in a good camera security system with 4k resolution and backups.
that's silly, that's a good idea
you probably appreciate it
i have a security camera next to my monitors and i love it
i see car crashes every other week
'
You shouldn't work outside in Florida
can i generalize that to 'dont work outside of your home state'?
No
Camera systems good when interacting with people and children when they come onto your property.
don't get into a car with a driver who is drunk
Don't chew on rocks
never drive drunk
That’s smart advice Dan
I would say that a camera system  can negate the +100 immunity and can negate their critical rolls.
yes, but i had to do it first to really commit
I don’t feel that way at all and that vaguely frightens me that others do
don't let drunk drivers into your social circle
Don't do stuff that's bad just to experience it for yourself
don't ignore neonazi propaganda or let them into your social group
Got it
ah, well that ones easy because thats what im doing now
and i have decent arguments for it
Don't argue about stuff you don't care about
there are 2 dimensions to this:
- bad vs good
- acceptable vs unacceptable
something can be bad but also acceptable, these are communal experiences and sometimes shared memories
these are what ive avoided, because i trust people
but it alienates me
Don't kill animals
have you killed an animal?
Yea
then it goes on the list
I've done all these things this is my list
ok thank you
i have on my actual list to go to a bath house and/or use a glory hole
but that may be recommended
Neutral
ive actually had a couple people recommend it, so its not a good one
the people who wouldnt recommend actually consider it unacceptable
I'm looking for the acceptable-bad
unacceptable-bad is off the table
acceptable-good is easy to find
unacceptable-good is rare, but those are things like universal healthcare
don't buy an electric car
Don't say embarrassing things
hm, well ive done that, and people who have done it always recommend it, so nevermind
lol you do that a lot
No I don't
lol
if you dont consider it embarassing then i guess thats true
don't grind up on a girl at a club unless you know for sure she's into it
don't catcall was already one
Don't pretend to throw up outside of a bar when cops are watching at 1am
"things people have learned not to do through experience"
don't teach people something if they don't want to learn it
Don't work
don't associate with psychopaths
Don't use computers
thats a good one 😦
Don't read too much astrology
I second that one
don't get drunk at office parties
If you expose yourself to lies enough they start to sound plausible brains are dumb
Don't go to school or work smelly
I’m thinking about how earlier you aphantasiacs were the clarifiers, and how you’re sharing your list and I’m like I have never needed to test that one out and I’m feeling like maybe I am the clarifier whatever that means.
Don't be mean to people you love
this is true
No wait actually I think I just have anxiety darn
<@229250171475722240> you got any good ones?
But rn I am feeling grateful for my anxiety god bless
Anxiety keeps me safe I love u anxiety
Don't get sick
Don't become alive
don't misconstrue coping strategies for personality traits
a true buddhist
<@557419862826156042> where you at share your disappointments
Don't hoard money
<@807759145473802240> are you really a stripper?
don't get into 3d printers
Don't eat brussel sprouts
why not
Taste bad
psh
drench them in butter and spice
Don't get a pet
yes i agree
True
Don't use brain
Don’t kill anyone with kindness
don't use jokes or memes older than 5 years
Don't try to kill a 3rd grader
interesting
all of these seem like fascinating stories
but we are not telling stories
Don't tell stories
this conversation is full of potential
I like that one liam
Don't oversleep
Don't be late to your doctors appointments
don't give up your personal interests because someone else is suffering
I think general don’ts are all I have left
Don't forget to reapply sunscreen
give em
yeah sunscreen
Don’t be friends with people who make you feel bad about yourself
Don't be sad
don't dismiss advice your significant other gives to you
Don’t adjust your behavior to make yourself seem more normal
Don't be cool
too bad doin it anyway
<@636681296457891862>  why not?
don't ramble or rant
Don't post on twitter.
Don't live 6 states away from your romantic partner
Don’t do something to try to get a reaction out of someone
don't pay any attention to the first stripper who talks to you at a strip club, they are on cocaine
Don’t make up excuses for other people’s behavior
Don’t push yourself if it’s going to set you back later
Don't buy stocks
Don’t diet
Don’t take your mother’s financial advice
Don’t drive a car that doesn’t have a front bumper on it
Don't sleep and drive
Don’t hit someone’s car
don't run into a bus'
Don’t fly with big liquids
how big
Idk I have flown many times recently with stuff over the limit because I am forgetful and I had to throw it all away
Sad
oh, don't go to college if you're from the us
don't excessively avoid sunlight
I just started doing that and I kinda like it
i had blackout curtains for a while, had to take them down
I do test myself sometimes though and go out into light to make sure I’m not overly fearful of the sun
Then I go back inside
The UV index in Florida is just too scary
don't ignore your friends' pain when they say they're in pain
Wholesome except I guess I gotta do it
don't be obvious about your intentions
The lack of attached stories is rough Dan
I want to know more
i know right
Liam fell asleep with his hand on the phone but it’s been moved now
i have a list, we can choose one randomly lol
Sure go for it randomly generate me one
don't celebrate Halloween only one day a year
How many days do you celebrate Halloween
every day
Oh cool
What do you do to celebrate
Have you guys ever taken this & was it right?
I was surprised by how accurate mine was
I just enter a bit of liminal time/space each day, recall dark autumn woods, the air getting cold
It makes me feel good
I want to know if it’s accurate for others too
Oh ok neat
Do you mean like enter some space in your mind, like an imagination thing?
sorry this is taking a while because im using vim
Oh ok
alright first random that isnt science because hes asleep:
> don't call your grandma when she's super old and talk about family trauma
that was mine
about 1.5 years in, my therapist told me that I should try to talk to my family, and there's only one person in my family I actually trusted and that was my grandmother
when I told her about the sexual abuse, she dismissed it and told me that it was 'common' and 'normal' and that i shouldn't need to be so hurt by it
it was as if she didn't recognize that i hadn't talked to her in 10 years and there was probably a reason for that
i blocked her number and deleted it
That makes sense
later, other family members started adding me on instagram and i had to block each of them
with each blocking, i felt a little better and more myself
next one:
> don't drive a car that doesnt have a front bumper
I had a car I got for $200 junk yard duct tape car vibes
Front bumper fell off, idk I don’t have money don’t think it’s an issue the zip ties killed it
it's both a physical practice and using the imagination
Daily thing
Anyways later was driving on bald tires (like again what do you do) in a drizzle, girl stops short in front of me (her 3 accident in the 6 months she’s had her license) and I know I’m gonna hit her so I just close my eyes
I hit her car, she has tiny dent, my car is spewing radiator fluid and died
Turns out front bumper was important.
I would go back in time and get a new front bumper
You got 57 points
48–99: A lifelong resident of a working-class neighborhood with average television and movie going habits
Typical: 77
Should not have driven it without it, wasn’t smart
Wow I didn’t see the other categories I didn’t realize 48-99 was one big category
i never thought about that, front bumpers are important
guess ill have to take mine off though
You could I suppose
It’s also an important safety thing though.
And it seems wasteful to tank a car so early.
ok next up is <@517783191910744070> if he's still here:
> j) Don't date anyone until you're convinced that person is not crazy.
the whole owning a car or being part of a civilization that's centered on cars thing is something I would rather not have done
and I'm telling you not to do it
lol ok
My ex was also very vehemently against cars and wanted to live in one of those cities in the world that has banned them
my stripper/escort date for today hasn't responded 😦
ok rodney is gone
<@800126234297630740> maybe that ex would tell you not to do it too
josh:
> don't visit London for any length of time
what's the story
it's just a horrifying cesspit
Why though what did you not enjoy
well cessplain it to us
I found it very navigable without cars, felt safe everywhere I went, and it was pretty hard to get lost
And old places are charming in a way America isn’t I’m a sucker
TELL US <@724882617719193661>
Oh also they have a universal sign there for kebab
So much kebab
Now I want to go back Josh what was so bad about it
damnit Josh
Oh well
anyway if he comes back, here's the list https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gYPT3y3FXbCTYEDEK-CwJUzcvs6Ittku4mytnhToIcg/edit?usp=sharing
i was gonna suggest we pick one we're curious about from each person
My pharmacy right now thinks I don’t have insurance so they just sent me a text that my script is $160 and I almost died
But then I remembered that’s probably before
Unless my new insurance is scarier than I thought
that's tolerable but sucks
oh hey I'm back
i went in once for gabapentin and they told me they wouldnt give me more, then i asked if i could pay out of pocket and they said $8
Well that’s only one of them so fingers crossed
josh:
> don't visit London for any length of time
cessplain it
I'll just say the only agreeable thing was free museums
I am on two brand names and the other one is like $400 without insurance so yikes
'just say' something else
Oh yeah all the museums are free
Seriously what’s the downsides
so far i am not convinced i shouldnt go to London
youve only said good things about it
I really do recommend it
It’s a really nice place I would like to go back
josh look at this, I'm going to London now
It’s absurdly vegan friendly
stop me
Also you get to hear sports fans chant the word cunt which is extremely jarring but also like whatever I guess

<@724882617719193661> stop me!!!
That’s too much but I guess flights are pricey now
I told you before I don't want to deprive others of the experience of making mistakes
Oh ok
you sonofabitch
ok pick one for each of us and we'll do it
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gYPT3y3FXbCTYEDEK-CwJUzcvs6Ittku4mytnhToIcg/edit?usp=sharing
I was curious about this one for rowan:
> don't kill anyone with kindness
josh has too few
one of my teachers always says *don't mix practices
DON'T MIX PRACTICES* because he did, and developed a Kidney Yang deficiency
😅
Oh uh I just used to have this trait where the more I felt bad, stupid, or weird talking to someone the more time I would spend trying to make them like me but I never even stopped to consider if I liked them
Then I realized killing people with kindness is really this petty thing you do to try to manipulate other people also which is weird
It’s much better to just not direct your energy to people who make you feel bad especially if you don’t even like them.
well i hope he's getting the holistic dialysis he needs
I've mix practices without any problems so far
any particular people come to mind?
I haven’t had much practice lately because I’m quite selective about my time anyways, but someone at work high school bullied me and it was nice to just stop smiling, waving, making small talk with these two people
Good opportunity for practice.
I don’t need everyone to like me and certainly not those I don’t like myself
I’m trying to rekindle the feelings of hatred and dislike in me bc I repressed them for a long time and it’s cool to not like people that’s fine.
YES! I don't meditate much, but when I do I try to meditate on motivation or plausible anger
stuff I haven't been angry about but ought to be
I really enjoy ignoring, blocking, moving on whatever-ing
I’m not going to let a random person give me another TMJ flare up it is not for me any longer
blocking people is the most adult thing now
It’s so good
and you dont have to dwell on it or think about it
I just block delete ignore move on it’s so freeing
Worst thing that happens if someone tries to convince me I shouldn’t of done that and then for like five seconds I’m like oh no and then I get back to reality
Or maybe sometimes I have a really weird dream about them and then I’m like… excuse you subconscious.
teenagers dwell on it and hold it up as an important thing they did
But also I’m a big enneagram freak and I’m a 6 and it’s basically my duty if I want to be a healthier six which I do
I really admire people who don’t waste their energy on people they don’t like it’s very cool
I think I was a 5 or a 2, I forget
I definitely dwell on most things but I’m also cool with that
Liam is a 7w8
And I’m a 6w7
that sounds right
ok JOSH <@724882617719193661>
<@636681296457891862> pick me or josh from the list
I think 5 is the reclusive studious one
Oh ok sure
> don't give up your personal interests because someone else is suffering
yeah, that's part of the 2 "helper/giver" thing, and I still do it all the time
I have plenty of stories
Oh true well I hope you manage to work on it
I guess we did talk about this when I was like wow having someone else live with you is a very charitable thing, but I probably would never do it
It is cool to be protective of yourself and your needs
most recently, Lilya needed housing, emotional support, and professional advice to start her career, so (after a couple months) I offered her my couch
She would cry loudly and circle my apartment for an hour at around 8am every day, hitting her head in a panic attack.
Oh man
A few times, I had locked my door and the door to the bathroom (both are accessible from the rest of the apartment), I wore a bullet proof vest when I was telling her she needed to leave within 3 days
She was here for 3 months
She asked if she could start the 3 month process of rehabilitation, and she did okay
While she was here, she even commented on how little I do with my life.
The thing is, I had been actively trying to find things to do and social groups to integrate with before she came here
I wanted (needed) to be as supportive as possible because she was suffering, so I hadn't done any personal development in that time.
Before that, I had a 6 year relationship to this woman who initially told me she was suicidal, so I convinced her to move to San Francisco with me
I got her a psychiatrist for the suicidality but she dismissed it
I was her codependent source of life-preserving emotional regulation, but as soon as she cheated on me she went back to suicide
She (fucking finally) got a therapist and started to get better.
I have, and still do, willing sacrifice myself and my wellbeing for someone who is suffering more than me
It's difficult being surrounded by so many homeless people, because I have constrained resources and can only meaningfully help one or two at a time.
Recently, my friend Natalie texted me about a guy she met at the local hackerspace Noisebridge who needed a job and was living out of his car, he had driven here to get a job in tech, and it was confusing and difficult for me to say no.
ok for josh theres only one i want to hear
and I want to hear it IN DETAIL <@724882617719193661>
<@724882617719193661> tell us the story:
> don't conjure a demon
https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-2 I was trying to correlate it to a level but failed
The only problem with the 'unhealthy levels' of type 2 is that instilling regret and guilt doesn't work
Oh but yes demon story
I only gave those up recently
well that's one you hear a lot from certain people in occult circles, not from me
NO
TELL US
the transaction is not complete until you tell us
The levels made Ennegram really clear for me
It’s the only personality typing system I have ever felt fitting so I like it a lot
<@724882617719193661> tell us about your demon experiences
So you should summon a demon then?
I wonder if most aphantasiacs are atheists bc we can’t imagine much
yeah <@724882617719193661> I'm about to summon a demon, stop me by telling me about your lived experience
I think josh wants you to summon a demon so I guess go for it
it's perfectly fine if you have the training and a definite purpose
I wont have the training
and no purpose
what lived experience do you have to explain to me why i shouldnt
it would probably ignore you then
is that what happened to you?
JOSH HAVE YOU NOT SUMMONED A DEMON
no 😅
you fucker
I mean that's not what happened to me
ok we got these
```
josh:
- don't visit London for any length of time
- dont join a cult
- don't avoid sunlight
- don't celebrate halloween only one day a year
- don't own a car, don't live in a civilization that requires a car
```
there was mormonism
but you didnt tell me not to do it
But will josh explain any of them
ok we gotta go with cult
<@724882617719193661> tell us about an experience you had with cults
I think demons are probably on the easier end of things to connect with, but you just have to know how to relate to them
I do have a personal rule, 'no demons in the house.' I've never had any troubles with any class of spirit
Ooooo
Josh is uncomfortable feeling regret and shame
Oh I regret the one time I said the n-word that was a bad moment for me I live in deep shame over it
The word shame makes it easier to remember
I did that once while singing a song and my black friends didn't get at me but they were uncomfortable
i forget the song but i loved it
I said the ending in “a” version once bc I was very lonely and the two ppl who kinda wanted to be my friends did it and I was like well that was a mistake
I mean I love rap and I love rapping along and I never say it
lol we got <@151994782246240257> to rap once with the lyrics of timecube
Liam says he is impressed by how good I am at rapping along and not saying it but he’s snoozing
Big snore
I'm glad you two are together now 🙂
Me too! It is good
Omg I hear his snoring from the living room time to shake him slightly
He needs a sleep study smh
<@724882617719193661> I am going to make fun of you for being weary of expressing regret and shame now
Until you get some god damn therapy.
A lil angel
omfg
how is he smiling in his sleep
I just woke him up so he’s like half awake
He’s very good at waking up to me and smiling and kissing me and going right back to bed
Ugh lol
tell him i love him too if he wakes up a little
No one else I have ever met can fall asleep
I will
We probably should have a rescue gear set too.
So much management
He smiled more and he’s asleep again
I'm not wary of expressing regret or shame 😅
he's so cute i just want to coerce him and domineer him into doing amazing things with his life
yeah you are you flaky bitch
Aw
He is very cute
He is doing very good he told me after therapy last night that things are going very well now and he’s happy
can we set up a portal hub
And the lexapro is helping which is good
all portals go to it, so we go there first and into another portal
He has been very good he wakes up on time and goes to work and goes to the gym 3 a week very powerful stuff
Isn’t it possible he doesn’t experience much
i still want to tear him apart and show him the expanses of the universe then get him to rebuild the world around him
it's all ive ever wanted 😦
That’s a lot to want
its weird being honest
im leaning into this type 2 definition
Really how so? I am honest almost always
maybe itll help me see how the behaviors i have aren't that great
Unless asked a very direct question where the honest response is hurtful and not purposeful
I'm asking around for practitioners with aphantasia
And that’s good I really like the enneagram stuff
Oh cool I am curious
if the answers are hurtful, that's an opportunity for me
It depends on the type of hurt
they're fragile, vulnerable, manipulable
I do not want to call someone ugly for instance
It’s not necessary or important
Lilya had way too much, she needs real therapy
How someone looks is not that important
haha
ive got a plan for that
I wouldn’t want to tell someone something negative about how they look
it's okay to look great, and people should feel great about looking great
It’s a pointless thing like who cares if your nose is weird no one does someone is gonna love you and fuck you and whatever other reasonable ask
anyone can look great
I think how someone looks is such a boring boring thing
It’s beyond boring to me
so this places me at a 7/8?
i was terrified of looking good for about 14 years 😦
I have aesthetic opinions but
that makes sense
And I do think people should feel good
If looking good does that then cool
The official money test is so good
I even bought it for Liam
'looking good', 'dressing well', these are things that have meaning socially
I just think we all have individual aesthetic preferences
haha
And I think if you like a shirt I find ugly it could maybe suit you and you could rock it
That’s fine
abiding by social standards of 'looking good' implies participating in society
I just hate it
there really are no human bodies that can't look good
I mean there’s the basics sure
Some people want the really in depth stuff though
fat, thin, fair, dark, long short hair, soft curly
I don’t like giving my honest opinion on that because what I wanna say is “answer these questions for yourself first” yknow
a decent question is 'what social group are you going for?'
So it’s hurt uncomfortable and I just give bland responses if I’m cornered
'red and yellow black and white, they are precious in Dan's sight'
I made a list once for people who followed my NSFW content about how to find people who look like me lmao
It was very fun to do actually
for instance, one stripper in Boston, Alliyah, was black and she had these hard-stuck curls in her hair covering her forehead, which is common in black communities but not considered attractive in the communities I'm in
Like a highly requested document so I sat down and drafted it sincerely
I gave her a chance and now she's a good friend, it was attractive in her context
Sure that’s my point
Someone could have an ugly nose but it could suit them
That’s important
It's segmented, or 'clustered', but it still qualifies
If someone with an ugly nose that suits them says “is my nose ugly” I’m going to go “nah”
Because it’s missing the point to ask a question like this
'to whom'? is a good response
I went through clothing style with Lilya recently for a sales job
the interviewer was from Texas, so we looked upTexas business-casual
I usually say it doesn’t matter it’s fine or something
Yeah that makes sense
I had a friend just today ask me if her LinkedIn picture looks professional and she has pink hair so I’m like man what are you asking
I dyed my green hair brown when I was seeking a SWE role
'appropriate' would be a better word
And I took out my facial piercings
or 'acceptable'
Right yeah
lol Lilya is Russian so her profile picture was heavily photoshopped
I was like, gurl you gotta not photoshop this, and lose the hat
Sunset is so pretty right now
Oh that’s funny yeah those are weird
My mom didn’t know her friends were all using face app
And she was sending me pictures of them being like oh my god they look amazing, and I was like mom these are fake
Poor lady she got a face lift bc idk pressure of being a female real estate agent
yeah i gotta get cosmetic surgery now sometime
I just feel like there’s enough people out in the world who will critique you so I don’t like to encourage an inner critic
Oh true
i considered getting a penis reduction
it's just spongey tissue it should be okay
I mean technically my surgery was covered by insurance because it wasn’t supposed to cosmetic, but I totally did it for a cosmetic reasons
No you should do one people will notice otherwise it doesn’t meet the criteria
You have to go through the absolutely mind-bending experience of looking different than you used to look
i dont believe that is appropriate
people get cosmetic surgery to modify their bodies to be what they think they should be
Of looking in the mirror clothed, unclothed, whatever like goddamn who is that
What is appropriate?
I’m confused
my penis is too thick, and it's effected all of my romantic relationships
I've been broken up with 3? times over it
even a stripper complained
you could get the genital piercing for a long-term chastity device
We could design a custom one!
Oh ok I mean sure I guess, I just don’t recommend plastic surgery because the mindfuck of looking so different
only a woman who had given birth was okay with it
that's absurd, your penis is just the right size
Aw that’s sad I’m sorry you have gone through that
thank you <@724882617719193661> but i am still insecure about it
Just find yourself a woman who loves to be fisted
that's a ridiculous limitation
what are the chances that a woman who loves to be fisted is also compatible with me
I don’t know probably higher than you think
Remember the Harvey milk thing
id have to find some place with a higher concentration of fisting people
at that point, i would probably be too small for them
Sorry, I do genuinely feel bad and I totally believe your experiences and I’m sorry you’re going through that
It’s just hard because you’re talking to someone who really can’t fathom too thick of a penis so this is the best I got I am bewildered a bit
And nah I love fisting and Liam has a small penis it’s all good
but i dont have a small penis 😦
Well you said at that point you’d be too small
i guess, i was about to say i want to have my own experience with  the body i was given
but that would mean not changing
My point being liking fisting doesn’t mean you need the world’s biggest penis
Those don’t necessarily exist in the same person is my point
thats fair
literally every partner i've had 😦
But I am sorry for your insecurity
even the guys
except for the 1 mom
Well butts are harder to fit thick stuff in
So the guy makes perfect sense to me
But the vaginal canal can fit a human
So you know
There’s that
there's a muscle there, and they're more likely to practice regularly
yes! ok, regret list <@800126234297630740> - I really regret I couldn't take a certain dom's fist
I just wasn't ready yet
Yeah but vaginal tenting exists!
We all have fisting regrets I suppose
Fishtank you should do the slink toy
It’s insane
link
I do totally believe that’s been a problem before
I linked it above! https://www.squarepegtoys.com/shop/slink/
Oh oh
yes!
Find a girl with a bad dragon collection
That is what you gotta do
I've wanted to be normal
which was one of the items i think you said
My best friend is also into extremely thick toys and idk how we found each other and it’s cute she is scared to talk about it with me
That’s very fair yes
dont try to be non-normal
that's mine then
Trying to be normal doesn’t even work
It usually makes you weirder somehow
I've done that one already
It’s a bizarre catch 22
I think I'm passing!
Yay!
besides the tics
There was a girl on 90 day fiancé who had Tourette’s and I had no idea until I read an article like five years later
it's hard to maintain composure
but its possible sometimes
I thought it was pretty cool of her to go on tv even though she has Tourette’s I think many people wouldn’t
PSH
what fuckin choice did she have
she doesnt believe in reincarnation
Wait I’m confused
Because she went on reality tv?
She doesn’t believe in reincarnation? I mean she doesn’t she was Jewish
if she wanted to be on reality tv, and she wont be reborn, she's got one life to do it
Oh ok interesting
they rarely let indians on reality tv
for some reason i want to get back to how to manipulate people, im defensive for some reason
That is not my experience watching reality tv
It is very diverse that is part of why I like watching it
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilgul
Is this a demon I can summon?
Looks up sending me stuff about Jewish mysticism I was a leader in my Jewish youth group and the average Jew doesn’t believe in reincarnation OK I promise
<@724882617719193661> got any articles about christian reincarnation?
We aren’t taught that at all
She was Jewish married a guy from Israel she met on birthright Jewish I know her
Not really but basically
My coworker found out I was Jewish and started talking to me about Kabbalah the other night
thats dumb
It’s fine it happens I was just like “idk bro” the whole convo
I’m not good with esoteric stuff my brain just reroutes
But my bff the one who also likes big toys says I’m the most spiritual person she knows would you believe that
interesting, the aphantasic cant tolerate esotericism, the hyperphantasic embraces it
Yeah I think it’s related
<@724882617719193661> is all about esoterics
Actually sometimes when people talk about hypotheticals enough something inside of me actually gets furious it’s so weird
Like why do I get so mad
I get like dumb animal primal mad like I wanna tear shit up and howl
lol I've tuned out in work meetings sometimes and at the end of the meetings they get really abstract
Yeah today we had a teambuilding thing where we talked about the definition of salad, and I just pulled up the Wikipedia page read it and then listen to like three peoples points and then I just couldn’t anymore
'we cant lower the quality of our craftsmanship product, that would just cause a semantic collapse within the organization'
but they're talking about making a kafka topic
its like, dude, keep those thoughts in your head
Lmao
you're not a manager
It’s like also how I ask 50 questions in class but the other people who ask questions in class? Fucking parasites I hate them
apparently there are several aphantasiacs in those spirit summoning circles
'Plenty of us
Visualization is not the be-all end-all of magic or spirituality
In some traditions, it's held to be a really advanced practice with years of training and buildup.'
But I’m also quite rigid by the book, stick to the agenda, don’t ask about that it’s too big
Being able to visualize?
Apparently they get by without it
If they’re saying I can visualize if I practice enough that is nuts
Well sure I get by every day
I am curious about the association between that and spirituality
I am too!
I suppose, from an esoteric perspective, if you can't recall sensory experiences the experience you do have is fairly pure
I have been joking everyone that I do you think the government should pay me because I do you think I deserve money because this is bullshit
there's no memory to be ajusted over time
Voice dictation sucks but my elbows are falling apart sorry
No I hardly have any memory
It’s weird and annoying sometimes it is too easy to gaslight me bc I’m like fuck I have no idea
So then I’m like ok sure people are good I will believe their memory
❌
their memories are flawed anyway
the more you point it out, the more obvious it is
Instead at like 15 I accepted that I will never truly know anything and that’s cool I don’t care
lol
I’m never gonna know, everyone could be lying to me at all times who fucking knows and who fucking cares
Pointless
Have you always been a spiritual person <@724882617719193661> ?
when I meet a coworker who can't do certain things, it's great for me, because I get access to another perspective of this unconscionably complex computer system, and any new info is good
that's why i'm desparate for black, asian, indian, native american, polynesia, any other ethnic coworkers
no, I was a total atheist and materialist for a long time.
Oh interesting
it's so easy for an outsider to tell me 'wow this is fucked up'
What caused the change?
MATERIALIST
you barely owned anything
now I own even less 😂
I have a couple of friends who recently converted to a religion and I’m so curious like, I can’t even imagine how that’s possible
I used to own almost nothing
numerous personal experiences that I couldn't explain away
My goal was to be able to list everything I owned
And oh ok
That’s fair I always am too nervous to ask but I am curious how people become religious or spiritual
I like looking at astrology memes a lot and I want people who know about astrology to tell me what my chart means but that’s about as much into anything as I ever got
I just could never believe in any of that without personal experience and verification to my satisfaction
Oh ok that makes sense
josh wont tell us about his esoteric experiences because he thinks the demons flying around his room need to be kept secret
I’ve always been kind of irritated because statistics show that atheist people are less happy than everyone else, but I haven’t been able to make myself believe in anything
he's told me
I think the best thing to do is don't just hear people talking about, go do something to have the experience yourself
Yeah I think I’ve tried and nothing happens and then sometimes I pretend stuff happens if someone is watching because I’m uncomfortable
And I just figure pretending is the easiest way to make this all stop sooner because I am uncomfortable
It’s really a bummer I would like to reap these reported benefits
But maybe I am my most spiritual or religious friend thinks I’m doing magic constantly or something
It's kinda funny, the amount of change you'd need to someone's neuromorphology to prevent the generation of imagery is probably really small, but the human body is pretty complex and I'd think it could evolve that trait out, but we didn't evolve it out, so it must have some purpose
Do you know people who you think are spiritual but they don’t think so <@724882617719193661> ?
it's possible many people do some form of it without realizing it
I’m kind of jokingly into affirmations also I mean not really a joke there’s positive benefits to improving your internal dialogue I mean that’s CBT but I don’t know
I really just like categorizing things, so I like astrology because I want to be categorized endlessly by as many people as possible that sounds really nice
Evolution isn’t this fancy
You make it to age to be able to fuck, children are born, it goes on
If you don’t die before reproductive age it goes on for the most part like evolution takes a long ass time
lol
sounds like i shoulda been fuckin a lot earlier
Nah, now we’re fucking with it so that’s neat
I think often about how if I was born in a different era I would be like the random sibling who just stays in bed all day in the country because they were “poorly”
Like man now I get to have a job and a social life instead of writing sad poems or something
lol
I’m serious!
I mean type one diabetics just used to die man
Crazy
I mean they still die all over the world
I went to this old cemetery in Savannah, and so many of the graves are for little children it’s so creepy
Just like 4 baby graves in a row like Christ
ok Jeremy has promised me that if I help him with his stupid cryptocurrency project he'll finance my stripper habit
Wheeling and dealing
part of the benefit of a complex system of symbolism like astrology is that it gives you ways to access information from within yourself that can come through in that symbolic form, but for whatever reason won't come to you in verbal form, or as a logical sequence of statements
There are other things too - when you put on your animist metaphysical hat and go out into the world as an animist, for example, and communicate with things as persons, you use those parts of your brain that relate to people, and get different information than you do just viewing as dead stuff
It's a different filter
Then you can put on a different metaphysical hat and notice yet other things about the world.
Oh interesting see things only can come to me in a logical sequence of statements
So I guess it doesn’t serve me much
what do you experience in dreams?
Not sure
I mean I hardly seem to dream
Studies show aphantasiacs have an impoverished dream state
but they do have some, sometimes, apparently
If I remember a dream, which is exceedingly rare, it’s usually just a typical day
I wake up out of bed and I go about my day, usually just more things go wrong than normally do, and the day is very stressful
Then sometimes I wake up in the middle of it and I’m like oh, cool, that wasn’t real life and that was a dream that’s good.
those suck
dream-working, then waking up to go to work
and no images at all?
I’m really glad that I didn’t miss a flight or insult my friend or run into my exes mom at the supermarket.
If I do have images they aren’t like…
Hmm it’s just like I’m seeing out of my eyeballs
ive had a lot of undifferentiable dreams, i talk to people about things that happen in dreams, and I think <@724882617719193661> is hexing me
I can’t remember any of them when I wake up obviously
They don’t bother me except they are a manifestation of my anxiety which is irritating
It makes me feel like I am making less progress in therapy then I am which isn’t true but it’s annoying
I went through a phase where I spent approximately four years trying to lucid dream
I did everything you could possibly do, I was extremely devoted and it never happened.
I do sometimes have symbolic dreams but the symbolism is so blatant it’s like I wake up and I’m like “wow Rowan excellent dream there thanks for the help” and I go about my day
ive heard this from all of my similar friends
My first therapist was really into analyzing my dreams, and so I wrote down like the two a month that I would remember and she would talk through them with me and I was like lmao I know what they mean this is so stupid
Oh really? I imagine most aphantasiacs cannot dream
My first therapist was really into analyzing my dreams, and so I wrote down like the two a month that I would remember and she would talk through them with me and I was like lmao I know what they mean this is so stupid
Fascinating! I have had dreams in which there was nothing visual - it was just dark - but I could hear sounds and music vividly
I've also experienced smells in dreams
When I've had lucid dreams, it's very visual and there are body sensations - the first thing I want to do is levitate and fly, so I feel that in the dream
That’s very cool
I have always wanted to have a dream like that
I documented my last “vivid” dream I remember it was on 4/5/22
So it’s been over four months since I’ve had a memorable or vivid dream
and you say there were visuals, right? Like seeing as you see awake
I think so yes
I mean it felt like real life
oh, yeah, they cant
So because of that I assume I was seeing
I don’t have visual memory so it’s hard for me to say for sure
All I know is that the dream felt like it was real while I was in the dream, so I assume that for it to feel real I must’ve had visuals because in real life I see
Does that make sense?
But maybe I don’t have visuals come to think of it
Because the last time I did ketamine therapy I also thought I was in a space ship but I had no visuals to back that up
It felt very real though
that's interesting
when i first got therapy for tourettes, they told me to imagine i was in a space ship with a control panel for my body
Interesting
Poor aphantasiacs with Tourette’s I guess lol
I mean the therapy probably still works, therapy works for me and my therapist of six years had no idea I couldn’t visualize until my last appointment
Bc I had no idea I couldn’t visualize
tourette's mainly affects the 'tegmental pyramid' of the brain, i wonder if its posisble to have both
Interesting I wonder
I do wish they did more cognitive profiles we don’t know too much still
yeah, it's an interesting condition, we should research it more
People with aphantasia are more introverted, have poor autobiographical memory, can perform fine in visual recall, have autism traits, still do get PTSD, and have impoverished dream state sidk
Idk much else I would like to know
everything
hmm! There's a couple of other visual phenomena that I wonder could be experimented with
One occurs in states of deep meditative absorption
Say, if breath is your object, the breath becomes too light for you to maintain as an object, so you focus on internal pleasant sensation, and you pass through the states of deep pleasure or bliss - a white light, starburst type of effect will appear
Some say it's the result of activity in the visual cortex
The light itself can become your object of absorption, and has unearthly depth and beauty
Sometimes they just burst and pass like a meteor shower.
which regions of the brain are used during different cognitive acts
I've also seen them even in fairly light states
I have visual hallucinations
I know that when normal people visualize the same eyeball part of the brain lights up
I cannot imagine anything visually though
I was going to mention the prisoner's cinema phenomenon, in the dark
That's actually used in dark retreats
Interesting
I would be open to trying something like that, but it sounds like a situation where if nothing happened I would feel pressured to pretend that something did and I really don’t like being in those types of situations
Have I already mentioned I also couldn’t be hypnotized which was a bummer
oh yeh, you can't force it to happen
Well I wasn’t forcing it, and I didn’t think it wasn’t going to happen or anything
I was and have always been open to it
But nothing ever happened and eventually I would just pretend because I felt guilty
That or the person hypnotizing me would be like
Wow it’s happening
And I’m like nothing is different lol
I’ll just stay quiet
it's really reminiscent to me of entering subspace in BDSM - a deep letting go, more than just physical relaxation
Are you into astrology do you find it meaningful all of my sun, moon & rising are earth signs
Yes that’s also never happened to me
Maybe the closest is doing poppers lmao
haha yes! Relax the mental sphincters
Poppers are so cool
What a cool drug
it could be - you have to look at all the aspects, the whole chart
Just the sun sign or things like that mean very little in a delineation
yes! I believe they're pretty safe, too
I know that’s what everyone says but I don’t have the patience to learn on my own
topspace is closer to what you feel in certain theurgic rituals, which definitely alter consciousness
At that point, you do the invocation, and normally receive the information in visions
it's a very focused, powerful flow state
<@800126234297630740> I saw BDSM on your list, it's a lot more fun than meditation
people tell me not to do it, and they do it themselves
they dont tell me not to, but they mock it in a way that discourages me
that's right, don't do it - don't make my mistakes
Maybe when I’m old I’ll be up for trying more stuff and being ok if it doesn’t work for me
I wanna pay a bunch of astrologers because it sounds cool but what if the readings are disappointing
I wish I had patience to learn about stuff like this
I love 90 day fiancé
you could do a ritual working to acquire the patience to learn something
You could even believe it only works psychologically, and that would be fine! Belief systems are just tools to get you what you want
Hmm perhaps but also sometimes I think some things about me are immutable
And trying to change them and failing makes me sad
Like with lucid dreaming
Very disappointing
Don’t you think some people can’t do whatever it is you can do?
This is interesting to me like with visualizing many people who can think I must be able to also
But weirdly I don’t question it in reverse, I just think that makes people’s brains are different
we all have limitations, but even our personalities and characteristics are just tools
Things can be cultivated or discarded
You can undertake an investigation to find what aspects of yourself are really immutable
lol
Interesting
now you see where i get my bullshit from
I do think I already do that in CBT
it’s bad when I’m high and I still am sitting here like it’s not connecting extremely rude
I do think I know quite well things I cannot change about me
CBT's good! I like both the therapy and the genital torture versions
I figured as much
I like CBT my therapist was very good I feel grateful bc I came to therapy like
Sitting cross legged, feet on the edge of the chair, arms crossed over my legs hissing at the poor guy
yeah.
I think most therapists wrote me off 😅
Which I don’t blame them! But also I was a kid still basically like
But I think I told him I hated him a bunch
Genital torture seems maybe more fun
I wonder if anyone started CBT like that
Hissing like “fuck you” hahaha probably not
yes! Sadomasochism is my favorite way to practice empathy
I would never do anything in the sadist role that I haven't already experienced in the masochist role
I must be able to imagine and feel the pain myself, and transmute it into arousal
in the masochist role, I must be able to identify with the top
That’s interesting, I have heard other say something similar
I think I just don’t need to experience stuff to get it really like experiencing it doesn’t help me too much I’ve found
Which I guess makes sense since I pretty much don’t have autobiographical memory
I think I am fairly empathetic despite it but it’s just interesting to hear so many people say experiencing stuff helps them like that
it also helps me gauge limits and techniques - for example, whipping someone's balls - I have a better idea of how to do it and progress, after experiencing it myself
Oh that makes total sense
or aftercare needs
I don’t think people should do that stuff without trying it first
But I don’t actually want to cause anyone pain like that or receive that
It’s sexy in theory in practice not for me usually it’s just self harm with extra steps for me so meh
haha
oh my god that's more true than i thought
I’m like “wow wouldn’t it be hot if someone made me feel worthless” and then I’m like wait a fucking second I was bullying myself earlier today shoot
So actually it’s just a good sign I’m having a bad day now lmaoooo
I would never want to cause real harm or permanent damage - my limits would be things like branding, chastity piercings
meet me midway sfo gso
Fair enough I think it’s good to have limits
meet me midway sfo gso 20220901
I wouldn’t do some thing that in another context could be considered abusive that sounds very judgmental of me to say but I promise it’s not about others and it’s about me lmao
yes, context is everything
It only arouses me if somebody wants it and consents to it
In a scene, I can take extreme pain, but a papercut outside of a scene isn't fun at all 😅
I think I just like the kink part and role playing some of that stuff like once a year is fun but meh
That’s fair! I don’t think I’m compartmentalized that way
And I wouldn’t be comfortable regardless
But I do think some sensory things hm
Everyone’s senses are different
So I can believe someone likes being smacked and finds that actually pleasurable and not painful
So I can do that
Or sometimes pain is just required to reach a goal that’s fine too as long as it’s little pain
yes! Apparently some people can't do the transmuting pain into euphoria thing
Or can't really relax into a deeply submissive state
Also pain is weird bc I have had chronic pain my whole life so I don’t know what pain even is
Yeah! I think so I trust other people in that
But like man I couldn’t ever make someone black n blue or cut them up just couldn’t
But I’m also a very risk-averse person
So that makes sense
Also it was just weird and I know I’ve met other people this way
I used to think I was very submissive then I did therapy discovered I had low self esteem (news to me I would never have thought this) and then idk I stopped being interested
I have a few friends who have said similar things
HAH
you told me you didnt have low self esteem once
I don’t anymore!
gaslighting me, pff
pff
interesting! I only really liked being submissive after I got my self-esteem in order
Then I felt safe to set my ego aside for awhile and melt into a submissive puddle
Hence I don’t want someone to punch me during sex anymore
It’s all connected
oh no
It’s fine it never happened most people don’t wanna punch people
Now I’m normal you know
Just 16” dildos and pee or something
Very normal
This girl I met at my work training recently was bragging about how she’ll do anything if her friends dare her like she’s done so much crazy stuff
And I asked if she ever drank piss and she said no
Sometimes life is very disappointing
yeh I don't get it, a lot of people don't seem to like semen or menses either
I feel like it depends on the semen
She seemed open to it
that's true
I told her she should ask her bf to pee on her in the shower because that was probably the best way to try it
And then the next day I asked her if her boyfriend peed on her and she said no
😠
😂
I gave her a lot of good advice at a lunch table surrounded by coworkers ok
The least she can do is try it
hmm, maybe she'd be willing to try her own urine first? Drink a lot of water for a while so it's pretty light, and try it in the shower to feel clean
Yeah shower is the move
And it’s fine I haven’t talked to her since training ended
I’m sure she’ll try it
I feel like the average tomboy will drink piss I stand behind it
it's the first thing I think about when I think someone's attractive, what their urine's like
It's not even a BDSM thing
Hahahahha that’s interesting
Liam drank his friend who was keto’s pee for a bet
Idk why but
That seems horrible
And he peed into a bottle, not fresh, and it was mega dark
ah! That will definitely make it stronger.
I think Liam said he got about half way through
was it pretty salty?
It was also funny I met some of his friends and they were telling me about this like this is some huge surprise and I will be shocked and dump him or something
I’m not sure! I’d have to ask him and he’s still snoozing
It was very comical they were like WE HAVE THE VIDEO and I was like lol liam already showed me
I think he just said it was super duper sour and salty
I’ve heard keto people smell like bleach or ammonia
'We drank a couple of warm ones while we watched it' <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
So I wonder what that means for the urine
in ketosis mine's just been sweet
Oh good to know
Well I don’t know I don’t think dark urine would be pleasant
Regardless of diet or anything
yeh, sounds rank
Some people just don't drink enough
But honestly drinking a full glass of someone’s urine I think is a challenge for most regardless
Esp out of a bottle or glass like that
that's true
<@800126234297630740> you definitely shouldn't drink anyone's piss
Put it on your list
Yeah don’t do it
Esp from a glass
I mean from a glass is less fun I think but also just more gross def

<@724882617719193661> have you tried poop now I am curious
Oh my god wow
I wasn’t expecting him to drink his own piss someone
Someone needs to show this man sunscreen
He looks so burnt
Like leather
it's never appealed to me, but I would be open-minded if a partner were really into it
That’s a fair answer
<@800126234297630740> must have gone off to fuck the sky
i have fucked the sky
is this real
I don't know the source
it's as real as the evening rainfall
https://youtu.be/aia3b1AFcTU
some more don'ts and nevers
he would probably also say don't shoot your wife playing William Tell
I started building on top of the skeleton tower for it
I am about to hop back in if I can get streaming to work to my macbook lol
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092333305425981/1009466753761431612/image0.jpg
https://pompeiinetworks.wordpress.com/2014/04/01/venus-weaver-of-webs/
I got invited to hang out with people look at that I socialize
god creating the universe
god creating god
e=mc^2
ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
ph'nglui mglw'nafh  r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
Yay
3 + 7 + 2
mathematical equation that describes the motion of vehicles that follow the basic principle of a rocket
the politics of dancing
super jail
ultra-violence
peaceful protest
glass half full
the 4th dimension
The night is my companion, and solitude my guide
would I spend forever here and not be satisfied?
Listen as the wind blows from across the great divide
voices trapped in yearning, memories trapped in time
Into this night I wander
It's morning that I dread
Another day of knowing of
The path I fear to tread.
Trust I seek and I find in you
Every day for us something new
Open mind for a different view
And nothing else matters
Hush, little baby, don't say a word
And never mind that noise you heard
It's just the beast under your bed
In your closet, in your head
And the earth becomes my throne
I adapt to the unknown
Under wandering stars I've grown
By myself, but not alone
I ask no one
lol
lol
all your base are belong to us
And the road becomes my bride
I have stripped of all but pride
So in her I do confide
And she keeps me satisfied
Gives me all I need
gf for life
https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/peter-gelderloos-anarchy-works
who what where when how
bit
with liberty and justice for all
bill of rights
subversive  american
lords of acid
I sit on acid
bad acid trip
the last selfie on acid
the moment of death and the moment of life
embrace the horror and enter the light
stairway to heaven and highway to hell
procreation on the beach
procreation
or nah
She asked me if I do this every day, I said, "Often"
Asked how many times she rode the wave, not so often.
sex drugs and rock n roll
Follow the money, the rest is bullshit.
Those that have, shall receive.
brooke candy
das me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKQCX9AslFg
The haters love to doubt me.
The winner you love to hate.
I'll bury your butt and spin on your grave.
Journey with me into the mind of a maniac
 Doomed to be a killer since I came out of the nut sack.
I got a problem solver and his name is revolver.
Terror illustrates my error.
I am the unforgiven psycho driven murderer.
Six million ways to murder, choose one.
Your body is exposed to the midnight mist
All weak fuckers give my ring a kiss.
Mass muderer natural born killer.
Dr
Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit.
The millenial whoop
You are about to witness the strength of street knowledge.
sprockets dance
nwa with attitude
qwerty password dragon sunshine princess monkey superman
dragon sunshine princess monkey
goonies never die
Repulsive , disturbing , or horrific sights can never be erased from memory once they have been seen.
A still from the worst movie ever.
Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies
Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies
Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies
Incredibly Strange Creatures that guard the gates of hell
While it is easy to dismiss someone who believes in unconventional religions as ipso facto delusional or schizophrenic ...
there is no clinical reason to assume that a person who believes in UFOs and extraterrestrial communication is any more insane than a person who believes in angels and prayer
Fatal Deviation
Superbabies: Baby Geniuses
I  Know Who Killed M
Fatal Deviation
Fatal Deviation Portal
Fatal Deviation Pentagram
Pentagram Fatal Deviation
Fatal Deviation with pentagram
Fatal Deviation with trigram
Fatal Deviation with The Thaumaturgic Triangle
Fatal Deviation with love
Fatal Deviation Love
Fatal Deviation versus theb  Thaumaturgic Triangle
Fatal Deviation versus the  Thaumaturgic Triangle
Fatal Deviation Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies
Fatal Deviation creatures
Fatal Deviation
https://opendrinks.io/recipe/tschunk
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41567-022-01652-6.epdf?sharing_token=yNwL92oPzcpklZSqVsr-ndRgN0jAjWel9jnR3ZoTv0N0u2htmeT1Hou6SrdtT_vjhsjDi8mPyrY6gILuO1cIPYM5r9vTrCV6dFSGWkHiq63t24rvELuWNN1w82farMIezAYiWj7ialZ8KkzI_SEgHP98WBPRE6PFu8lx9H4EP5A%3D
<@800126234297630740> 'Even if growth stopped today, the pressures on ecosystems at the present scale may be enough to drive the system into collapse..
The fact that ecological damage is still accumulating at today’s scale of activity is an indication that we have already passed the mark of a sustainable footprint on the planet
If that is so, we can expect to experience a decline in the scale of physical resource exploitation that will not only precipitate a halt to economic growth, but will drag it downward as well, in a sort of permanent recession or depression
Since growth to some extent depends on faith in future growth in order to spur investment, this nonlinear feature could translate into a fairly rapid evaporation of capitalist ambitions.'
I'm concerned that this channel has become #pissing-bardos
Perhaps piss is an important step on the path to computational enlightenment
Perhaps coding is just drinking the precum-accentuated piss of computation
it is, but the path should never be confused with the goal
It's like Virupa said in his song:
'Some are completely tortured with empowerment rites and initiations
Some perform austerities, fasting, limiting their diet
Some eat shit, piss, blood, and semen out of a human skull
Pretending that's what One Taste means
Some move prana through their channels
And are fooled by the bliss and tranquility achieved thereby'
'The nature of the mind, without a name, 
Is equivalent with the nature of space, without a name from the beginning,
Non-arisen by nature, free from the proliferation of signs,
All-pervading, unmoving and unchanging like space,
Empty and spacious throughout all time,
Not characterized by concepts
Not bound, not liberated, having never moved from the original state.
Because there is no truth and nothing on which to rely in the play itself,
reality never transcends the seal of emptiness'
But of course eating shit, piss, blood, and semen out of a human skull is still part of the coder's path
https://tenor.com/view/bh187-spongebob-nom-nom-nom-munch-gif-21500458
I have a mystery for you all
I bought the domain `jacana.io` for my company, Jacana Security Research
However, it used to belong to someone else and now I get a bunch of their old emails
I received one that seemed suspicious

naturally I downloaded `Email Malfunction Report.pdf.htm..bin` but didn't run it
it's an HTML file with an obfuscated JS section:
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html dir="ltr" class="" lang="en">
  <head>
    <body oncontextmenu="return false;">
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    <title>Sign in to your account</title>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=2.0, user-scalable=yes">
    <meta http-equiv="Pragma" content="no-cache">
    <meta http-equiv="Expires" content="-1">
    <meta http-equiv="x-dns-prefetch-control" content="on">
    <meta name="PageID" content="ConvergedSignIn">
    <meta name="SiteID" content="">
    <meta name="ReqLC" content="1033">
    <meta name="LocLC" content="en-US">
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="https://aadcdn.msftauth.net/shared/1.0/content/images/favicon_a_eupayfgghqiai7k9sol6lg2.ico">
    <meta name="robots" content="none">
    <link href="https://js-82wha8sw738.web.app/sc/css.css" rel="stylesheet">
  </head>
  <script>
 ........sketchy script........
  </script>
</html>
```
the raw script doesn't fit into discord
but here it is de-obfuscated from https://seosniffer.com/javascript-deobfuscator
it doesn't fit either
let me make a gist
https://gist.github.com/pdlloyd/eac3d592d17754719670ef2a44f563ab
what do you all think this does:?
function jessey() looks interesting
I guess it uses that to redirect you to an obfuscated url
I kind of just want to run this in a disposable qubes vm
interesting...
that huge var in jessey() is base64-encoding for _another_ script
https://gist.github.com/pdlloyd/65b40eb822213c9ad679ea933a65d9db
BROH
it has all these msftauth.net assets
but down at the bottom of it, there's ANOTHER script
`    <script src="https://fx-3.com/wp/19082022/sc_login.js"></script>`
fx-3.com looks like this:
fake chinese youtube!
achiles
achiles
 achiles
fuck no
fuck no
 no lol
Ok
Ok
 Ok
ssl cert is managed by Let's Encryot
(it may be japanese
yoooooo
hello kitty and friends summoning a demon
_that_ innermost script looks like this
https://gist.github.com/pdlloyd/e530ff19c8cb68281eee92497f6a4081
my melody pentacle summoning demon
it's password form logic
it says portal.office.com in it, but it sends the username and PW to `https://fx-3.com/wp/19082022/login.php`
I think that wp means it's a wordpress site
so in the end, I believe that this is a phishing email from the APAC region meant to trick the recipient into typing in their Microsoft account username and password
this is a great content for a blog post lol
thanks scammers!
Do we have alien
Do we have Alien 1979
Download Alien 1979
We gotta stop saying things like “nature is beautiful” and “I love being in nature”
That’s not how we usually talk about things we’re existentially dependent on
god for got that they were god
human male with a blue hat, neon retro
<@557419862826156042> haha this was amazing
It's a rollercoaster of emotion!
Fateful Findings
The Chronicles of Riddick
City of a Thousand Planets
A Wrinkle in Time
chinese youtube was a big surprise
download eternal fist

Maybe it's Cee Aye Aay
Social Justice Warriors in love
I find any site that uses "assault weapon" to be suspect.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1010620678468284557/unknown.png
I think though, property rights would have to be uniform, first.
https://www.tiktok.com/@thedripduos/video/7129805746870422789
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/629560648535113738/1009862659371438110/McRib.mp4
lol 'to protect migrants from downing'
to protect migrants from drowning, we're going to install downward current flows and undercurrents with large water pumps and covering the surface of the water with a large impenetrable barrier
the mahkrib
<@724882617719193661> what the fuck
oh I found the full version
https://youtu.be/PZZjqcqkKtY
WHY IS THERE A FULL VERSION
and how did you find an mp4 of this
omg its meatcanyon
HAHAHAH
everything MeatCanyon is fantastic
Download delirium 1979
you should follow meatcanyon on instagram

Only $450!!!
I am now
good stuff!
😅 what is that?
Nobody knows
it's the pro bundle and you'll save 25% now
it's the summer sale
WOW
WOW WOW WOW
You know those "Fast and Furious" movies?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg2Cs851SwM
based on the original roadrunner cartoon
unless this was a reference to the 1954 film
https://srscinemastore.com/
download 
#Boxingtime
Amityville Karen
Amityville Thanksgiving
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
download
#Boxingtime
Amityville Karen
Amityville Thanksgiving
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
download!
#Boxingtime
Amityville Karen
Amityville Thanksgiving
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
download
#Boxingtime
Amityville Karen
Amityville Thanksgiving
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
download!
#Boxingtime
Amityville Karen
Amityville Thanksgiving
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
download asdfasdfasdf
wtf
wtf?
wth?
what is it?
what?
why?
why?
download!
#Boxingtime
Amityville Karen
Amityville Thanksgiving
download!
#Boxingtime
Amityville Karen
Amityville Thanksgiving
download!
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
they made a whole god damn tv show
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1869152/
download!
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
download!
Angela's Home Movie
Audience
Blood and Steel
Blood for Flesh Nightmare Fuel
The Bro Down
Cannibal Tick
The Cthulhu Trilogy
DV4 Electric Nightmares
Dawn Of The Animals
The Day of Destruction
Death Toilet Trilogy
Hammer of Dracos
Dragon Lizard Lord Super Monsters
Ed Gein: The Musical
The Forming
Friday The 12th
The Great Buddha Arrival
Hammer of Draco: Wrath of Dragons
Haymaker
Homicycle
House Squatch
Insect
Killing Spree
The Legend of the Stardust Brothers
Legend of the Stardust Brothers Poster
Little Corey Gorey
My Fair Zombie
Spyfall
Nezura 1964
Night Feeder Retro
Night of Doom Nightmare Fuel
Night of the Zodiac
Pappy's Graveyard
The Park
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
The Reckoning
Safety in Numbers
Salvo1
Serpent's Breath
Requiem For A Whore
Bought & Sold
She Spits on Your Grave
The Shroud
Sindone
Silent But Deadly
Tales from Deep Hell
Tim Cohen 2
Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures In Cardboard Box Time Travel
The Toll Collector
Uktena: The Horned Monstrosity
Walking Between the Raindrops
Watching a Movie
Water Damage
all movies for actor Donald Farmer
all movies for actor Donald Farmer
all movies for actor Nicolas Cage
all movies for Paul Rudd
all movies for actor Paul Rudd
status
all movies for actor Paul Rudd
all movies for actor Donald Farmer
all movies for actor Donald Farmer
download brutal bigfoot
all movies for actor jeffrey combs
download the exorcism of god
download exorcism at 60,000 feet
download bigfoot creek
download son of bigfoot
download return to boggy creek
download the son of bigfoot
download the son of bigfoot
download the son of bigfoot
status
status
status
status
status
status
status
status bigfoot
asdf ```asdf```
download spiderman homecoming
search spiderman
download spider-man 2021
search ninja croissant
search croissant
download cream honr 1981
download cream horn 1981
pls
download croissant man 2015
NO
NOOOOO
MY CREAM HORN
I left my dead body in the swamp
Maybe the leeches will eat good lol
The dead body is right on top of a muddy scrap pile, where you find iron

https://www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/news/20151209/diy-fecal-transplant
Oh I love it
where in the swamp did you die?
I don’t get why people try to make this argument
Gun people love the word “assault”, and the word “tactical”
AR’s and AK’s are styled and designed for fictitious assault scenarios.
They’re not “hello kitty child-safe bullet senders”
They’re not “hunting rifles”
They’re not “concealable self defense weapons”
What do you call them?
They may not be used for militia assaults, but that’s why people buy them
When people say the word “assault” is inaccurate, what they’re really saying is that they’re uncomfortable someone else had an opinion about their hobby
It’s like someone pointing at a computer and saying “that’s the cpu” and the nerd says “haha no dummy that’s the computer the cpu is just part of it you dummy”
Or “lmao no hacking isn’t always evil it actually means model trains at mit”
Time wrinkles
Wrinkly time
Time for wrinkles
Father time lots of wrinkles
The issue is that if most people are assaulted with fists, we don't call those assult fists.
But I get it, the prefix is a useful adjective for language purposes, but not for reasoning.
I think we should call our fists assault fists
As far as assault rifles, you could refer to them as anti-personelle rifles
I think the majority of assaults use knives and I would say a knife is much more useful assault tool
 I think GB has shown that to be true.
In fact, in GB they're trying to outlaw knives as far as I know.
GB: gangster bitchez
They sort of thought by outlawing guns, that criminals would cease to exists.
lol.
The criminals just move on to using knives.
Ancient China (at some point in their diverse, multi-thousand-year history) outlawed knives and sticks, and so was born kung-fu and techniques to modify the body (knuckles, arms, shins, etc.) to make it more lethal
The ciminals are getting smarter, they actually create caches of knives hidden around the city, then they just retrieve the knives as needed and restock the caches as needed.
Gangs do that with guns in the states
The police supposedly, are constantly searching for caches..
just like in that movie Fahrenheit 451
You'll see videos of them searching bushes and sides of houses.
LoL
F451 dealt with dangerous caches of information
We can fit tons more info into smaller physical spaces
I wonder when we'll have cops searching for information caches that bad guys use
Hacking tool dead drops etc
I think Snowden has already shown that the searching has been perfected already.
It's all automated now.
I think the whole idea of gun control is too intellectual and therefore doomed to fail.
Just admit it
You don’t have a problem with the term “assault”, you’re just uncomfortable that certain groups of people have an opinion about your hobby.
For example, they will _always_ be debates, but _no one_ ever invites the criminal to the debate and then ask them what they think about gun control
 I mean they are being left out of the converstation just because they are a criminal but they are part of the societal effects of gun control.
Didn’t florida just vote to give felons back the right to vote ?
I'm not sure
 But I think I read something about that.
I marked it on the map, but I went and got all my stuff this morning
The slag pile with iron is still there though
I am gonna run back that way now, if it is daytime
There’s nothing wrong with the term “assault”, it matches the self-perception of the people in the communities that love these weapons.
You could maybe say that the people who buy them don’t call them assault rifles, so it’s externally defined instead of internally defined, but I’ve had friends who owned them and used the word assault just fine
I would disagree, most folks I know that own such weapons are the nicest people and have the utmost respect for their fellow human beings.
The real gun nuts will say that the term assault is just an attempt to subdue a subculture, that banning those styles of guns isn’t a functional effort, it’s an attempt to subdue a subculture, and yes yes it is
For the same reason we’ve banned butterfly knives and tanto knives
They call the weapons by their make-model designations
 I've never ever heard them say "oh I  yeah I own an assuault rifle".
Usually it's I own a Sig Saur M-400
I didn’t say they’re not nice people
They usually are
I’m saying they are prepared/preparing for an assault
They want to be prepared.
or a "Barret 50 caliber".
The debate has always been that gun fans don’t want people outside of their community to govern them
They want to be self-governed
The debate is whether they are doing enough to govern the effects of guns in circulation
I dont think they're a break-away bunch of libertarians that want to burn the US Constituion.
I know for a fact that they are, but I’m not worried about them
The majority tend to not trust the same government that Snowden doesn't trust.
I don’t disagree
The term “assault” is fine, the argument against using it at all as a term is a proxy argument for the self-regulation of gun ownership
Always has been
The regulation of gun ownership is now clearly defined by the US Constitution and the Supreme Court.
I mean, why do we even call them guns? You can get some copper piping from Home Depot and put a round in it, hit the other end hard enough and it’ll shoot the bullet, iSnT tHaT a GuN?!
This is also true
It’s not what we’re talking about, but it’s true
Well the term is "arm" just means "weapon".
So we’re back to fists then
So the 2nd Amendment just says the gov can't restrict what weapon you want ot use.
If your right to own and purchase “arms” can’t be abridged, then why not stick with your fists?
A gun is just a fast fist with part of it that goes fast
Personal choice
🙂
I’m against the word gun
Can we please stop calling these things guns
They’re fists
I’m anti-fist
I want more fist control
Actually Dan, I think the moden gun can be totally redesigned.
I dont understand why we need triggers.
or even why we have to hold iot.
Sure
Just admit that the reason you don’t trust sources of media that use the word “assault” to describe guns is because you don’t want those types of publications to comment on gun issues
It’s not the word
You just want it to be self-regulating
I mean, I kinda liked that mind-controlled arrow-weapon used in that movie Guardians of the Galaxy.
Sure it was controlled by a large helm, but once we have Neural Link....
The rest of the gun debate comes down to whether the gun community has sufficiently regulated the use of guns in circulation, and whether sensible completely constitutional gun control regulations should be imposed from people outside the community
Actually, the 2nd amendment makes arms mostly self-regulating
You don’t want to face that question because you know the answer
Wait a minute, first we have to agree the Bill of Rights does not give the People rights.
🙂  Do you agree with that statement ?
Why do we have to do that?
Because our government is a constitutional republic
RIght?
Are you trying to make a justification for why guns are necessary?
I didn’t say they’re not
Ok
So then you agree that the Bill of Rights does not give the People rights ?
I don’t care either way, it doesn’t seem relevant
Actually it is relevant.
I doubt it
Some people think that our Rights come from the Bill of Rights.
For example they think 1st Amendment == "The governement gives you the right of free speech".
2nd amendment == "The government gives you the right to bear arms"
And therefore they think "oh, well the 2nd amendment gives the government the power to give the people the right to bear arms, therefore we can just  come up with laws to take guns away or to make it _very_ difficult to own arms".

When you actually read the BIll of Rights, it restricts the government.
It does not restrict the People.
Fundamentally the US Constitution grants powers to the government, anything that it does not enumate automatically exists to the States or the People.
I know you want to parrot the rhetoric of the gun lobby and libertarian community, but when are we going to get back to the issue of using the word "assault"?
It's really amazing
🙂
Because this is not related to the word "assault"
Ok I'll run with it, just to explore what you're suggesting.
Let's say we get a law saying any rifle that shoots any projectile is an assault rifle.
Now what?
What I want to talk about is what you started with -- the idea that you won't trust news sources that use the word 'assault' to describe some guns
Ah ok.
Well I don't trust them because they're using a label for a tool where the label is mis-leading.
Misleading in the sense that the vast majority of such civilian weapons are not used for assaulting people.
And you neither heard or interpreted the statements I made about that
My interpretation is that somehow the gun people have a duty to protect.
interpretation of what
one of my statements?
"The rest of the gun debate comes down to whether the gun community has sufficiently regulated the use of guns in circulation, and whether sensible completely constitutional gun control regulations should be imposed from people outside the community"
Well when we say gun community, that means law-abiding people yes ?
Ok
So, I was not suggesting that gun owners have a responsibility to protect people.
The gun community might include both, I can't say that for sure.
Ok, well we have illegal gun owners and legal gun owners and no gun owners.
yes
We then have legal gun owners that commit crimes with their legally acquired gun.
Basically 3 sets and 1 subset.
Or 2 sets with 3 subsets.
I'm not sure where this is going, but it sure is getting more complicated
it's weird that so many companies have used MySQL as a base for their own database technologies, wrapping them with an API that looks more like an object-store
instead of using something like SQLite
I'm suggesting that 'assualt weapon' is a term used with the end goal of reducing the set of legal owners but ignoring the subset of illegal gun owners and legal gun owners that commit crimes.
Yes, that's true
That's a common effect of regulation
Sites with that  goal or supports such goals are suspect implicitly since they also tend to think that Rights are given to the People by the Government.
And also think that Rights can be taken away from people by the Government despite the Bill of Rights.
yes
the Bill of Rights is an amendment
Yes
A set of amendments.
oh, right
So, yes, these things are true
In the United States, we initially wanted a lot of resources, so we had absolutely no regulation for a long time
We would even occasionally give people grants to extract natural resources.
Some people had outrageous claims, more land than they could ever feasibly visit let alone extract from.
So the government put in some regulations on land use and ownership -- specifically for mining, the set of mining-rights laws
Mining rights are unusual in that you can own land but not the right to mine ore underneath it
This is an example of regulation
With gun ownership, or "arms", you have the same 3 options:
1
no regulation
2
self regulation
3
government regulation
it usually goes in this order
first, you get no regulation, everyone can do anything, only violent disagreements are addressed as violence
if the violence gets to be too much, or the government gets concerned about it's lack of future viability of the subject, they put pressure on the industries associated with it to self-regulate
Self-regulation involves companies and individuals who are participating in the subject setting up third-party regulation bodies, like the oil companies have
If self-regulation doesn't work, we move to government regulation
Occasionally, you can drop those regulations if you prove you can self-regulate effectively
Although people have a right to own whatever metal-explosion-seat device they want, we have regulations on cars to make cars safer
This makes all cars more expensive
There are plenty of downsides to government regulation
If you can't self-regulate, you get government regulation
What does self-regulate mean and what set of people is self-regulating ?
Right
Self-regulation means the government isn't concerned about anything related to your subject
First, it means there are third party self-regulating bodies
Hmm.
Are there any third-party cross-market regulating bodies that have the ability to impose restrictions on the people and companies participating in gun ownership?
Gun ownership is an example of a market that failed to self-regulate
Well the problem is that the government doesnt not allow self-regulation.
It very much does
There are laws that do not allow Milltias.
Militias are explicitly allowed
No they are not.
Here in Florida, it's illegal.
Well-regulated militias, like the national reserve
Oh well, if we can change the laws to allow Militias.
I'm for self regulation.
🙂
You are allowed to have a well-regulated militia
I'll create my own Milita.
There aren't standard ways to apply for militia status
Whoah.
Stop for a moment.
And there are no government bodies I know of that manage militias
But it's legal
You'd have to apply with a state congress or something
Here in Florida:  "Groups of armed individuals that engage in paramilitary activity or law enforcement functions without being called
forth by a governor or the federal government and without reporting to any government authority are acting as
unauthorized private militias
".
Yes
So if those are made legal.
A militia is not non-governmental
It explicitly allows for militia in that statement
You are allowed to form a militia
You're not allowed to engage in conflict without a governor or federal government calling on you
Interesting.
Ok
So a miliatia can be formed and trained, but can not act without an order.
The 2nd amendment does not limit the type of arms used by such a militia.
Blah blah blah
A militia of civilians should be able to be formed, since it would be protected by the 1st amendment.
It's well-established that the government is allowed to regulate firearms
It says "well-regulated" militia
there are conflicts in the case law
Actually, limited regulation.
The case law says that it's okay to regulate militia, it also says that you can't
Case Law eventually runs into the Bill of Rights.
Right, we have an inconsistency in our law
https://www.lwv.org/blog/understanding-supreme-courts-gun-control-decision-nysrpa-v-bruen
But you are very much legally allowed to form a militia
That is the latest court case that strikes down any laws that are 'moden regulations' regarding ownership, number of weapon, and type of weapon.
For example it would be illegal to prove you need a weapon.
Also it would be illegal to pass some sort of non-objective test to get a weapon.
Which makes sense given the text of the 2nd amendment.
So ok, militias of 50 people or so could probably be created, and train; their weapons would not be dictated by the government.
Sounds good to me.
do it
But
the reason you don't like the word 'assault' is because you want guns in american to be self-regulating
I wouldn't go that far
 I would say I don't like the word because it implies that  the majority of weapons owned  by law abiding citizens are illegal or soon to be used illegally.
When is false since the vast majority are idle.
And I find any site that implies or uses false statements to be suspect.
Especially latest attempt at the  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disinformation_Governance_Board
And the https://images.ctfassets.net/syq3snmxclc9/ADeL2MPZ661bM43k4R4TZ/029c2c3bd2603faf3f36918459dab3f3/fbi1.jpg?w=800
And then you got the ATF coming to peoples houses to take gun triggers
  https://blog.princelaw.com/2022/03/25/only-surrender-your-forced-reset-trigger-frt-to-atf-under-protest/
Insanity.
download lipstick 1976
/join
Download not of this earth 1988
Download Better Call Saul season 6
Download private parts 1997
rofl
https://artemis.sh/2022/08/21/this-program-is-illegally-packaged-in-14-distributions.html
this guy is complaining that some code in a linux package is unlicensed, not MIT or GNU or whatever
he says:
> unlicensed code, which I will remind you does NOT mean you get to just use it because you feel like it.
2 unfortunate things about this:
1 - if you use code that the author decided to not license, the only risk you face is unreasonable success and the author choosing to file a legal case against you
2 - adding dependencies on libraries **adds complexity**, which adds risk, which is usually frowned upon in programming?
what's the real end-goal of open source? I happen to like open source libraries and tools, but I've always wondered what the end-goal was
The simplicity of the rules for including software and libraries into the ecosystem means the end-goal isn't clearly defined, the end-goal is a hopeful emergent property of the simpler rules
The end-state may be a versatile competitor to Windows or MacOS, but the last decade has shown a big drop in desktop adoption of Linux
Is the end-state (stable-state) of open source supposed to be a collection of tools?
Is the end-state supposed to be a collection of libraries?
If the end-state is a collection of libraries, and those libraries rarely get replaced with more efficient rewrites of collections of libraries, then we have the unbound-complexity problem
Basically, computers need to get more and more powerful, and clusters of computers nee dot more and more powerful, to accommodate the unbound complexity of underlying libraries
To summarize:
Who gives a flying fuck about licenses on software libraries? They should be replaced anyway!
Sooo many companies have had issues with software licensing, and in every case they remove the offending license and, at most, pay damages on the period of time they used it
Why is anyone acting like unlicensed and privately-licensed code is defendable in court?
All court cases have the barrier that the plaintiff must be able to afford the legal files to file
If you start a company using someone else's code, and they get mad that you used it, there currently aren't organizations that will defend them pro-bono
There are patent trolls that will buy the code from you, but they don't care too much about licensing because it's less prosecutable than patents
It's a first world programmer problem.
Download cause of death
Download! Better call Saul season 6
Nooooo
Download! Better call Saul s6
Every valheim session
I know who killed me
Magical Light and Sound
https://imgur.com/gallery/rHh51gW
Was someone else on the server today? lol
I swear I had a ton of crops growing lol
Though, you are helping to increase turnip yield, which was my goal in the first place lol
Turns out greydwarfs can attack crops.
So the last half hour of planting a huge field didn't work out lol
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1011011519418470490/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1010994527244394496/unknown.png
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/chandra/news/new-nasa-black-hole-sonifications-with-a-remix.html
https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/juliareinstein/florida-court-denies-teen-abortion-not-mature?bftwnews&utm_term=4ldqpgc#4ldqpgc
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FaIDGDfWYAAoZmH?format=jpg&name=medium
Download vengeance 2022
Download! <vengeance 2022>
yeah
lol does that mean a graydwarf was in the base
As a user, I want a website
Scrum
Scrummy
Scrum master
Agile coach
Product owner
Agile workflow
Jira board
Tech start-up
Prodigy
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fat--bbXkAM1qVa?format=jpg&name=medium
chum master
https://youtu.be/lgkUCGLmuu0
Mismatched socks
Ugly punk girl anal porn
All punk girls have pink hair and wear black and white bikini tops
Black punk girl
Latina punk girl
TikTok girl
Woman who loves to hike
Woman who loves archery
Belgian malinois
Pretty
Opal
Onyx
Shiny
Stiletto shaped manicure
Evil corporation
Conscious capitalism
Nature nail art manicure inspo
Thinspo
Imagination
Aphantasia
Richest man alive
Richest woman alive
Richest dog alive
Richest worm alive
headless
Pretty woman
Secure the bag
Deep state conspiracy
Chipotle
TikTok
Penis enlargement
Pretty dog
Stalker arrested
Kuala Lumpur
Koala Lumpur
Kendrick Lumpur
Kuala Lamar
Master Hakuyu's advice to Hakuin on treating his meditation sickness:
'The person who has arrived at attainment always keeps the heart’s vital energy below, filling the lower body
When the lower body is filled with the heart’s vital energy, there is nowhere within for the seven misfortunes to operate and nowhere without for the four evils to gain an entrance
The defensive energy and nutritive blood are replete, the heart and mind vigorous and healthy
The lips never know the bitterness of medical potions; the body never feels the discomfort of the acupuncture needle or moxa treatments.
An average or mediocre person always allows the heart’s vital energy to rise up unchecked so it diffuses throughout the upper body
When the heart’s vital energy is allowed to rise unchecked, the heat emanating from the heart on the left side damages the lungs on the right
This puts a strain on the five senses, diminishing their working, and causes harmful disturbances in the six roots.
Because of this, Chuang Tzu said, "The True Person breathes from his heels
The ordinary person breathes from his throat."
Hsü Chun said, "When the vital energy is in the lower heater, the breaths are long; when the vital energy is in the upper heater, the breaths are short."
[Master Hakuyū continued:] 'Before Wu Ch’i-ch’u visited Master Shih-t’ai long ago, he prepared himself by performing ritual purifications
Then he went and inquired about the art of refining the elixir
Master Shih-t’ai told him, "I possess a marvelous secret for producing the genuine and profound elixir, but only a person of superior capacity would be able to receive and transmit it." This is the very same secret the Yellow Emperor was given by Master Kuang Ch’eng
The Yellow Emperor received it only after he had completed a retirement and abstinence of twenty-one days.
'The genuine elixir does not exist apart from the Great Way; the Great Way does not exist apart from the genuine elixir
You Buddhists have a teaching known as the five nonleakages
Once the six desires are dispelled and the working of the five senses is forgotten, the primal, undifferentiated energy will gather to repletion under your very eyes
This is what T’ai-pai Tao-jen meant when he spoke about "combining one’s vital inborn energy with the primal energy of heaven and earth whence it derives."
'You should draw what Mencius called the "vast, expansive energy" down and store it in the elixir field—the reservoir of vital energy located below the navel
Hold it there over the months and years, preserving it single-mindedly, sustaining it without wavering
One morning, you will suddenly overturn the elixir furnace, and then everywhere, within and without the entire universe, will become a single immense piece of pure elixir
[Master Hakuyū continued:] 'Before Wu Ch’i-ch’u visited Master Shih-t’ai long ago, he prepared himself by performing ritual purifications
Then he went and inquired about the art of refining the elixir
Master Shih-t’ai told him, "I possess a marvelous secret for producing the genuine and profound elixir, but only a person of superior capacity would be able to receive and transmit it." This is the very same secret the Yellow Emperor was given by Master Kuang Ch’eng
The Yellow Emperor received it only after he had completed a retirement and abstinence of twenty-one days.
The genuine elixir does not exist apart from the Great Way; the Great Way does not exist apart from the genuine elixir
You Buddhists have a teaching known as the five nonleakages
Once the six desires are dispelled and the working of the five senses is forgotten, the primal, undifferentiated energy will gather to repletion under your very eyes
This is what T’ai-pai Tao-jen meant when he spoke about "combining one’s vital inborn energy with the primal energy of heaven and earth whence it derives."
You should draw what Mencius called the "vast, expansive energy" down and store it in the elixir field—the reservoir of vital energy located below the navel
Hold it there over the months and years, preserving it single-mindedly, sustaining it without wavering
One morning, you will suddenly overturn the elixir furnace, and then everywhere, within and without the entire universe, will become a single immense piece of pure elixir.
'You, young man, developed this grave illness because the fire in your heart was allowed to rush upward against the natural flow
Unless you succeed in bringing your heart down into your lower body, you will never regain your health, not even if you master all the secret practices the three worlds have to offer.
You probably regard me as some kind of Taoist
You probably think what I’ve been telling you has no relation to Buddhism at all
But that’s mistaken
What I’m teaching you is Zen
If, in the future, you get a glimpse of true awakening, you will smile as you recall these words of mine.'
~ Hakuin, *Wild Ivy: The Spiritual Autobiography of Zen Master Hakuin*
Breast implant
Breast implant in the skull
PTSD treatment in Bali, Indonesia
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1011390787755446352/Assault_Smirk.jpg
Single happy lesbian
ok someone tell me what the deal with Joy Division is.
We gotta bring back the 24/7 Nukie
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1011398967050899587/IMG_7569.jpg
Oh, the base had a bit of a size upgrade lol
I just hadn't fully fortified the new section lol
Renaissance painting of a veiled figure standing on a massive cube in space holding the moon in his hand, in the style of Titian
grumpy cat in a leonora carrington painting
grumpy cat in a salvador dali painting
big floppa in a remedios varo painting
big floppa
sigil
seals and sigils
solomonic sigils
goetic sigils
planetary sigils
chaos sigils
austin osman spare sigils
grumpy cat sigil
sigil grumpy cat
art nouveau sigils
sigils art nouveau
sigils grumpy cat
grumpy cat sigils
sigil to summon grumpy cat
sigil to evoke grumpy cat
dan demand
solomonic sigils grump cat
solomonic sigils grumpy cat
enochian magick grumpy cat
enochian grumpy cat
kabbalistic
kabbalistic grumpy cat
ewoks spitting image puppets
spitting image puppets ewoks
donald duck spitting image puppet
sith lord
sith master
spitting image puppet donald duck
darth bane
darth zannah
darth sidious
darth sidious spitting image puppet
spitting image puppet darth sidious
senator palpatine soviet propaganda poster
soviet propaganda poster senator palpatine
butoh georgia o'keeffe
georgia o'keeffe butoh
butoh makeup georgia o'keeffe
georgia o'keeffe butoh makeup
georgia o'keeffe painting butoh makeup
butoh makeup georgia o'keeffe painting
butoh thomas kinkade painting
thomas kinkade painting butoh
butoh makeup thomas kinkade painting
thomas kinkade painting butoh makeup
kazuo ohno
kazuo ohno painting
kazuo ohno tempera painting
bouguereau painting butoh
butoh bouguereau painting
butoh makeup bouguereau painting
bouguereau painting butoh makeup
remedios varo bouguereau painting
bouguereau painting remedios varo
bargue drawing butoh makeup
butoh makeup bargue drawing
john singer sargent painting butoh
butoh john singer sargent painting
butoh makeup john singer sargent painting
john singer sargent painting butoh makeup
vaporwave butoh
butoh vaporwave
vaporwave butoh makeup
butoh makeup vaporwave
butoh tenebrism painting
tenebrism painting butoh
butoh makeup tenebrism painting
tenebrism painting butoh makeup
butoh rembrandt painting
rembrandt painting butoh
butoh makeup rembrandt painting
rembrandt painting butoh makeup
punk butoh
butoh punk
punk butoh painting
punk butoh drawing
butoh punk painting
butoh ppunk drawing
butoh punk drawing
butoh makeup punk
punk butoh makeup
butoh makeup rembrandt drawing
butoh makeup rembrandt painting
butoh durer etching
durer etching butoh
butoh makeup durer etching
durer etching butoh makeup
butoh dancer rembrandt painting
butoh chardin painting
chardin painting butoh
butoh makeup chardin painting
chardin painting butoh makeup
fragonard painting butoh
butoh fragonard painting
butoh makeup fragonard painting
fragonard painting butoh makeup
butoh makeup chardin painting
butoh makeup fragonard painting
butoh gainsborough painting
gainsborough painting butoh
butoh makeup gainsborough painting
gainsborough painting butoh
butoh boucher painting
boucher painting butoh
butoh makeup boucher painting
boucher painting butoh makeup
https://youtu.be/sV_NWUa91kI
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1011508933506125894/Screenshot_20220822-233219.png
Champagne and lime salt
Download cosmic sin
Let’s get together and watch some
Bruce Willisploitation
Download apex
https://twitter.com/TheSocrateej/status/1561452528293662720?s=20&t=7Ek07zmCdGxrA_-AKVhfRg  lmao
sounds like what you drink!
<@724882617719193661> is there a reason all the spiritual men are into increasing testosterone a bunch
I feel like it’s the “immune boosting” confusion for me as well
Like too much of an immune boost is literally what autoimmune diseases are & too much testosterone gives you a squeaky voice and shrinks your testicles
Not sure why more more more is always desired in these two realms in terms of spiritual practice
that's a good question! It seems they should focus on finding the right level for good health, not too much or too little.
I think so too! I also know naturopath doctors are very into hormone testing
In my tradition the goal is to establish a spiritual androgyny, liberate oneself from dualistic appearances of gender and pierce through them to attain states of nondual realization and recover primordial awareness
So whatever the practitioner's gender, one assumes male, female, and nonbinary godforms, takes on the symbolic roles of both king and queen, priest and priestess, within oneself, and in the sexual practices unites the red and white in the elixir fields, experiencing sexual bliss states in all forms, to give birth to the androgyne
The reconciliated, recovered primordial state is called the divine hermaphrodite.
it's in all the symbolic representations




So I'm not really familiar with spiritualities or traditions that teach you to become hypermasculine or hyperfeminine, or fixate on rigid gender roles
Oh ok
That’s interesting I’ve been seeing a lot of spiritual-ish people who are very into the gender division
I guess it simplifies a complicated world for them
Maybe! I could also misunderstand I am also not too involved sooo
Just vaguely see a lot of men mostly who are very into their masculinity and also spirituality and I find it curious but I guess I also see the same in women maybe
Your sex then isn’t meant to guide you? Semen retention is interesting to me like
Why should someone be so attached to their semen
oh yeh, a lot of the semen retention stuff is silly and superstitious
It's important for men to learn how to have orgasms without ejaculation *because they last longer* and you can keep doing them over and over
Then they energize you and you can use them for cultivation
it also helps free you from thinking of sex as just associated with the penis
Your whole body becomes your sex organ, and you can feel orgasms, bliss, and heat along all the channels, in your arms, legs, teeth
lol I remember how excited I was when I had my first throat orgasm
I thought, 'Now I can suck a cock and get off just from that!' The neck heats up and pulsates
but when people talk about 'losing a pint of blood' through ejaculation and so on, that just seems silly
Like the phobia of masturbation a century ago, when they'd people they'd go blind or grow hair on their palms
there are biological differences that affect practice, whether you're an innie or outie, have breasts and so on  - I know people assigned female at birth in my tradition have a lot of special techniques they do, that I'm not very familiar with
download miracle valley
How long is the runtime of the show compared to the actual amount of time the voyage took?
download miracle valley
Ted always talks about making a 9/11 sitcom with laugh tracks and romance where the several hours it took the towers to fall fills up multiple seasons of content
Maybe a peppy musical bit as people jump out the windows in the background
There could be a character like Kenny from early South Park seasons where he dies every episode
I genuinely love this song now
that's because I'm a rich bitch who drinks my rich drink juice
I am at the Santa Theresa Branch of the San Jose Library system and I keep fucking forgetting how cool and exciting libraries are
There's so much obscure media
They have weird Chinese language blu-rays, audio books about Trump, and sexy novels about spies
People have always admired your resting rich bitch face
There's no end goal of open source because there's no end goal for computation in general.
I like to believe that open source is a way to create public goods and also demonstrate the "tragedy of the commons"
my autistic resting bitch face
What
This sounds really cool
oh yeh where do we put our autistic poetry
If you use a public resource to drive value but don't re-invest some of that value into maintenance, security, or extensibility, you make yourself more vulnerable / increase supply chain risk
daayuuumn
hey <@724882617719193661> wanna watch nukie
i had a very bad yesterday and am not going to work
You also don't want to maintain software forever, so your bottom line is very much a function of how you get others (corpos, nerds, govs, etc.) to share the burden of keeping the public good...
good.
crises here as well, so I'm not studying for my final or anything today
is that nukie time?
yeh
When are you thinking?
now and forever
make link for nukie
I'll be on in about 15 mins
Yeah, yeah, sure
I vaguely remember when I was getting into software conversations about 'open protocols' versus 'open source'
An open protocol makes a whole bunch of possibilities - people can write their own systems, and they can cooperate with eachother, the emergent system is open, but the implementation is up to whomever wants to implement it
Open source can accidentally define the protocol by the software implementation
Like in the bufferbloat story, university networks running BSD ran into severe network congestion problems because of the limited network bandwidth and the lack of speed regulation on the clients
To fix their bufferbloat problem, they changed the TCP implementation in the BSD kernel
Eventually, some of it got added to the RFC spec for TCP
If a protocol is partly defined by its implementation, when we need to redo it for new types of hardware we actually need to figure out how the implementations work to do it right
It surprises me when I actually pay for a piece of software, of course after comparing them to others
The quality of the software is pretty amazing.
Handbrake or MakeMKV vs DVDXRipper
There always was some sort of 'open source', but they were more like a 'reference implementation'
I guess, in a way, the Linux kernel has become a 'reference implementation' for an operating system API
POSIX was an open protocol for operating systems that no one adopted
the Linux API became the basis for things like docker containers
a docker container is like a JVM, but instead of a jvm garbage collector you have self-managed memory, and instead of a JVM OS API, you have the Linux API
You get memory mapping
I'm fucking tired
Exhausted
I need my rich bitch juice
I could use some too
I think that's a good way of looking at it
Linux as a reference implementation
Have you seen RedoxOS? It's a POSIX -compliant desktop OS written entirely in rust
Also, nutx is an RTOS for embedded systems that's interestingly POSIX -compliant
I don't know how linux-compatible they are tho

Even the library cards are dope
Plus they have a huge digital library!
Wtf
I don't understand why people don't use these resources more
It's nuts
- Clean, quiet workspace.
- Free wifi
- snack machines
- Korean language magazine rack
- computer lab

The real math that everyone needs to know in life!
They will even mail you shit
ive seen redoxos
not nutx
if open source is a reference implementation (which is an idea I like), then they should be simple and straightforward, using ideal assumptions and not handling a lot of edge cases
download apex 2021
<@724882617719193661> she did a proxy AMA over discord with that lady who conned socialites into thinking she was wealthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxsfbC-JJPw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SteZLbYu_0
she will make you waffles to keep you warm at night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvmOXIt57CE
I read this and I have so many questions hahaha but that makes sense
But yes I’ve seen a lot about how women are stealing male energy through semen and Hmmmm
There’s this guy my friend showed me bc she used to know him and now he does like … spirituality porn that isn’t gay but involves a lot of nude men together <http://onlyfans.com/willblunderfield>
wild naked man school
Download the ambulance 1990
Download filmworker 2018
Download filmworker 2017
A banquet table is set up, welcoming all that choose to visit
 A host of                                                     
people greet friends, old and new, with great tidings
 There is a warm                                                       
feeling in the air
 You can relax and feel comfortable
 You are with                                                        
friends now
 There are warm fires at night and cool breezes during the                                                       
day
 Here you will find lifelong friends and companions
 Cheers!!!                                                          
                                                                                                                              
A nod from the bartender, another from a nearby knight, and you know you've                                                   
found a new home
 Pull up a stool, friend, and tell us of your adventures.
https://etiennefd.substack.com/p/common-tech-jobs-described-as-cabals
Teotihuacan
apazyahualtontl
apazyahualtontli
tzahua
yectlamachiliztli
melahuacatlatamachihuani
tlatamachihualiztli
Fatal Deviation Balrog
Fatal Deviation Magical Light and Sound
Fatal Deviation Sigil
sigil thaumatic fata deviation
Thaumaturgic Symbol Fatal Deviation
hiliarious article
I found a brown widow today!
I'm preserving it in a vial of isopropyl
"I really fucking hope my piece of shit car I drive doesn't break down because I really need it to get to work"
Neural networks use a dot product, but since multiplying floating point results in a small error, does not a larger NN mean a greater error ?  I wonder if this is why NN comes up with different answers even though the input is the same.
"I hate being in nature because if I walk on something I shouldn't, the ecosystem will collapse"
minor demon sigil fatal deviation
major demon sigil fatal deviation
I found a brown widow today

I preserved the spider in a vial of isopropyl

fatal deviation brown wido
fatal deviation brown widow
look
where am i
The best part of internet
get in boat and go on the lake
examine the boat throttle
there is a woman with me on the boat
she stands up and tips the boat over
can we have a bad-script writer ai for writing bad movie scripts ?
Is that even possible ?
the boat tips over
boat tipping over
woman in water
sharks circling
woman climbing onto boat
helicopter rescuing us
flying away in rescue helicopter
rocket shooting at helicopter
Woman eating a helicopter
Shark wearing sombrero
Cyberpunk helicopter
helicopter explodes
bad guy smiling
The End
The end is pretty grim
Bad guy is a shark
@everyone Plex company data breach
Reset your passwords and never reuse them from other sites
Dear Plex User,
We want you to be aware of an incident involving your Plex account information yesterday
While we believe the actual impact of this incident is limited, we want to ensure you have the right information and tools to keep your account secure.
What happened
Yesterday, we discovered suspicious activity on one of our databases
We immediately began an investigation and it does appear that a third-party was able to access a limited subset of data that includes emails, usernames, and encrypted passwords
Even though all account passwords that could have been accessed were hashed and secured in accordance with best practices, out of an abundance of caution we are requiring all Plex accounts to have their password reset
Rest assured that credit card and other payment data are not stored on our servers at all and were not vulnerable in this incident.
What we're doing
We've already addressed the method that this third-party employed to gain access to the system, and we're doing additional reviews to ensure that the security of all of our systems is further hardened to prevent future incursions
While the account passwords were secured in accordance with best practices, we're requiring all Plex users to reset their password.
What you can do
Long story short, we kindly request that you reset your Plex account password immediately
When doing so, there's a checkbox to "Sign out connected devices after password change." This will additionally sign out all of your devices (including any Plex Media Server you own) and require you to sign back in with your new password
This is a headache, but we recommend doing so for increased security
We have created a support article with step-by-step instructions on how to reset your password here.
We'd also like to remind you that no one at Plex will ever reach out to you to ask for a password or credit card number over email
For further account protection, we also recommend enabling two-factor authentication on your Plex account if you haven't already done so.
Lastly, we sincerely apologize to you for any inconvenience this situation may cause
We take pride in our security system and want to assure you that we are doing everything we can to swiftly remedy this incident and prevent future incidents from occurring
We are all too aware that third-parties will continue to attempt to infiltrate IT infrastructures around the world, and rest assured we at Plex will never be complacent in hardening our security and defenses.
For step-by-step instructions on how to reset your password, visit: https://support.plex.tv/articles/account-requires-password-reset
Thank you,
The Plex Security Team

Very possible but we gotta figure out a way to get scripts
Either we can parse the audio from movies into text and use that as a training set, or you can find a DB of movie scripts
> stack is a corruption of tzahua, meaning to spin or weave, referring to the Great Web
TzahuaOverflow.com
> He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye
—Buddha
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/424976647268204545/1011958401766539344/EcSOV8CAdFZfXS3b4K8bZQgUl2UMx0niNFGhy8Gh0JI-1.png
nicolas cage film where saturn eats his own son
haha
i stand by decision to use absurdly simple passwords
and lower the value of compromising my accounts
I think I was logged in via OAuth
nicolas cage in a star
nicolas cage doing a crossword puzzle
And for some reason extremely complex usernames…
I used to spuat like woman but now I don't spuat
Long augur protip: make sure you have torque limits engaged on your drill or you'll break your wrist when the thing binds on a root or something
interesting! It looks like he's doing well with the practices
The Healing Tao/Mantak Chia system has some authentic material (Mantak Chia took manuscripts from his former teacher and published them without permission), but is notorious in inner alchemy circles for being poorly taught and creating deviations and physical injuries
Perhaps part of it is too many students, learning from books, and students advancing too quickly to advanced practices, without a proper foundation - a lot people seem to want to rush to the 'advanced' practices
I'm told by some former students that Chia has never actually done or realized the Kan and Li unification methods taught in his system.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1012039697368883311/unknown.png
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1004662718080503808/1005302620056998048/IMG_4485.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1011818388387016714/7sdajjut39j91.jpg


https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1012014253500289044/unknown.png
https://www.yahoo.com/news/capitol-records-severs-ties-rapper-220717889.html
https://pitchfork.com/news/capitol-records-has-severed-ties-with-ai-rapper-fn-meka-issues-apology-after-facing-criticism-for-gross-steretypes/
'“He was created using thousands of data points compiled from video games and social media,” Martini said
He continued: The old model of finding talent is inefficient and unreliable
It requires spending time scouring the internet, traveling to shows, flying to meetings, expending resources all in search of the magic combination of qualities that just might translate into a superstar act
Even with all the money labels devote to finding talent, the success rate is a pitiful 1%
Now we can literally custom-create artists using elements proven to work, greatly increasing the odds of success
Even if we can get to 2% success rate then we’ve doubled the industry standard.'
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/aug/24/finlands-pm-sanna-marin-apologises-for-inappropriate-pictures-at-residence
'The finance minister, Annika Saarikko, of the Centre party, a member of Marin’s centre-left coalition, said she was “confused and tired” of having to comment on the photos and videos.'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1012068328631713832/IMG_6673.png
'You should think it over...'
<@800126234297630740> an example of Buddhist queerphobia
https://external-preview.redd.it/MEwL7Q2D_JG-AePBaqLsxMpe17pMhfnLHSjVvdsRKAs.jpg?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=d5d20dcd6c933b001a90dad6334ac699e18450fd
https://www.npr.org/2022/08/23/1118495210/jumping-spiders-rem-sleep-dreams
'Roessler pointed out that some spiders have very poor vision but are very attuned to vibrations
She wondered if they might "dream" in vibrations instead.'
https://www.technologynetworks.com/genomics/news/unrelated-people-sharing-similar-faces-also-have-similar-dna-364933
'As for the biometric and lifestyle questionnaire, Esteller and colleagues discovered correlating results in the lookalike pairs
He says, “It is said that our face reflects our soul […]  being less poetic, our lookalikes answered a large questionnaire to grasp their physical and behavioral profiles
We observed that those lookalikes with high concordance in the facial algorithms and genetic commonalties not only shared facial similarities, but also other features beyond that, such as anthropometric characters (i.e., height and weight) and personality traits (i.e., tobacco addiction, education stage that could relate to IQ, etc.)”'
Download Excalibur 1981
Pretty funny! They're leaning hard into the duality
yes!
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1012092267378524170/IMG_6285.png
the best kind of Buddhism is the kind that liberates you from Buddhism
eat the rich
it is important to watch the same movie on loop for a month
- Confucius

Ughhhhh so much work
I wanna play valheim
<@800126234297630740> 
https://nypost.com/2022/08/24/sydney-nightclub-club-77-bans-staring-without-verbal-consent/
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1012104808720769074/IMG_4955.jpg
finally, a way to address the 'male gaze'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kheVEcblThI
?????????
https://www.abc.net.au/news/2022-08-24/tomato-flu-india-after-reports-of-82-cases-in-children/101367878
there should be a silly disease name contest
he said the blisters grow to the size of a tomato
that cant be true at all
I think they're just red
good way to waste weed
isn't it better to vape it?
yeah
although weed is incredibly cheap
they have to restrict the market
just not enough demand
🤣
makes sense
dude, Nukie is gettin pretty good
Blur porcupine with blue quills typing on a typewriter at a desk with a red and orange sunset.
Blue porcupine with blue quills typing on a typewriter at a desk with a red and orange sunset.
<:roasted:1009501230869004328>
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472>
he's gonna be a clown
Pamela Carter has left for the Virgin Islands
We never figured out who's with Tommy Lee Jones in that motel room
dude you know who it is
it's the nun
😅
😅
❤️
unless it's Pamela Carter
didnt Pamela say something like "I'm sorry I mentioned his name"
but she said that to a guy
so maybe the Dr it bisexual
<:saturn:971128484791472238>
right!
💀
what movie should we watch on loop next
Slithis?
that's a good one
He is not bad god
He is friend
He is half-donkey.
😅
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/342850939306246145/1011417984515969064/300504239_10224920997830219_229517697301875638_n.jpg
HAHAHAHA
JUST BRING THE CHIMP WITH
WHY THE FUCK NOT
😂
we need to see the sequel where the simian immunodeficiency virus crosses into Nukie's species and devastates them
https://www.gofundme.com/f/save-the-most-persecuted-mathematician?fbclid=IwAR2ks4U3Q4HPk1HKChaa88eTx4ArpMG0z6MsRlYzSUagqjaqiCjLhhc2_PQ
notorious crank, inventor of New Calculus
'The rotten priests (mainstream mathematics academics) of the Church of Academia have systematically destroyed my life and any chances of supporting myself
They have libeled and lied about me for many years
This suffering is my reward for being so generous with my knowledge
The more I publish the truth, the more I am hated.
Imagine your children learning mathematics based on only well-formed concepts - no nonsense such as infinity, infinitesimals, limit theory, set theory and topology
I have been banned from all moderated sites.'
oh my god
> I am a genius who discovered the New Calculus - the first and only rigorous formulation of calculus in human history, and quite possibly the greatest mathematician of all time.
lol
'Help me win this fight against my innumerable enemies.'
viel Feind, viel Ehr!
Public college should be free but I’m hype I no longer have student loan debt but maybe this isn’t about capitalism it’s about whatever our government system is but also guys I have no student loan debt 🥰
What movie is this
Nukie
It just said it as I asked brilliant
this guy Nuki froze never got unfrozen
Nukie is pretty evil
theres really no evidence that Nuki isn't a bad god
so what are the ways Nukie will be archived, as part of the 5 Trillion Year Plan?
multiple Nukie Foreverness sites - in salt mines, vaults
yes
however
long-term storage for the 5 trillion year plan must be done in an object in space traveling near the speed of light
I agree
it's become a term of art among us Civilization Death Doulas - what is a civilization's one most precious artifact or concept that they must preserve above all else - 'What is your civilization's Nukie?'
We should probably get a laserdisk
it stores the signal in analog
must easier to achelogicalize
yes!
and these:
https://wophotonics.com/news/wop-developed-laser-system-for-memory-of-mankind-project-delivered-to-vienna/
'The system will enable to write the data on ceramic tablets stored for a million years later on.'
finally
Not enough beautiful people.
Download mighty Joe young 1949


god damnit Nukie, quit quaking the earth
how did Nukie figure out how to effectively lift the helicopter, but had no idea how to fly it
I imagine lifting off is pretty complicated
PLOT HOLE
ok I fixed it, the Bunker was missing something

wait what did you add
tahoe?
sup <@533424709417828382>

<@533424709417828382> Nukie is doing the photo 7 sleep dance
it's the only song in the movie
and it's not really a song at all
PAMELA CARTER
she gonna fuck that computer, yo
SOUP
<@533424709417828382> this film was made by south africans, filmed in nairobi, and some scenes were done in germany
https://youtu.be/VyUzCAqVors
oh hi
is this where we chat about the movie
yes
this is now the Nukie channel
damn, not gonna lie I was fixing some unit tests and missed the song
I'll see it one day though
that's okay we're playing it again after this
and all night, and forever
wait is this the one where the person has a weird relationship with a computer
yeah..
you've attempted to show me this before
that is a very brief part of this movie
no man, that's the whole movie AFAIK
this is the one where 2 celestial beings made from light take physical form on earth as huge pieces of poop
I mean, if you can be anything you might as well be nothing
they are allergic to water
they have no blood, but the scientists pump them full of narcotics anyway
because that's what you do, right?
meet someone new, shoot lasers into eyes, pump them full of morphine
that's certainly what I'll do from now on
she is clinging to a voodoo doll
why
i decided i like the subtitles
i like that they tell me whats about to happen
> Nukie
Donkey-head.
<@724882617719193661> we should make our own subtitles
yes! I do prefer the subtitles
how come we don't have a Nukie Cinematic Universe collection
an NCU
oh yeah
because no other movie fits
they gotta get Nukie on a streaming service
they gotta make a streaming service just for Nukie
Nukieflix
Hulukie
Disney Nukie+
the good Nukie does provide

he is half donkey
https://youtu.be/AC9_Fyr2GMg
https://youtu.be/1EQGOmvUcns
https://youtu.be/TEgjdiyCn9I
how many layers deep of nukie are we in now?
i think we are 5 or 6 in
My computer is getting unplugged in the next hour
I wont be on valheim until September 5th.
Anyone who has my number, text me ❤️
Gooood nighttttttt
i just realized that both nukie and miko have a moment of realizing their physical selves
huhu

Lights don't die
And since when do you call them "He"?
> Lights don't die
And since when do you call them "He"?
> A space baby?
nobody fuckin called him a space baby
him or her
nobody fuckin called **humanoid blob of poop** space baby
> Confidential report, 2:30am
Computer specialist Pamela Carter and Officer Jim Connallly report strange live and telecommunication signals during analysis of the UFO recording
The subject needs further study.

> (pamela) There seem to be two of a kind
In Africa


> (connally) Where's the other one?

> (pamela) In Africa
I hope Eric will find him.

> (connally) Eric?

> (pamela) Doctor Harvey


> (connally) Oh.

> (pamela) Sorry
I shouldn't have mentioned it.
WHAT
WHAAATTT
Is Pamela bangin Jim?!
Is this the predecessor to the television show The Office?
Is The Office basically a ripoff of Nukie??
oh shi-, nukie's asleep
phase 1, 17:00, Nukie denies his terrestrial form
as <@232739995960475648> made note of
> Doctor Rhinstone reports signals showing similarities to pain reactions.

== torture
why does Doctor Rhinestone wear blue eyeshadow
what is she trying to prove
Are Doctor Harvey, Pamela Carter, Officer Jim Connally, and Doctor Rhinestone in a love quadrangle?
Is the quadrangle graph fully-connected?
> DO YOU FUCKIN LIKE CANDY, NUKIE? YOU FUCKIN ALIEN? HOW DO YOU LIKE MY SHIRT
> - monkey
the monkey's name is charlie.
https://www.museumofdreams.org/third-reich-of-dreams
'People were reluctant and sometimes afraid to confide their dreams
Beradt reports a half a dozen instances in which individuals dreamed that it was forbidden to dream (but did so anyway)
She canvassed a broad cross section of the population: from students and lawyers to manufacturers and housewives
Altogether, she obtained dream reports from more than three hundred Berliners.'
https://www.newyorker.com/books/second-read/how-dreams-change-under-authoritarianism
'she also presents dreams as the one realm of free expression that endures when private life falls under state control
Under such conditions, the dreamer can clarify what might be too risky to describe in waking life.'
<@800126234297630740> maybe next year
https://mutantfest.org/
planning discussions for next year
https://mutantfest.org/links/
'AMF is open to all sound systems, DJs, VJs, musicians, performers and others who want to participate
The more the merrier!!! There isn’t any central organization of happenings within AMF
AMF is held in a new location each year on public land in Washington, Oregon or Northern California.'
Or on these benches
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hostile_architecture
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_prevention_through_environmental_design
I met a dude named Jeremy (who got the nickname Harry Potter, or just Potter in prison)
He is a homeless guy in Santa Teresa
He got bussed from Sacramento to Santa Theresa and just dumped off without any resources
yes! The bench is an example, I supposed they tried to disguise the hostility a bit by making the obstacles curved 😅
I talked to Olivia about making some kits with basic necessities and amenities like socks, toothbrushes, water, info on local homelessness resources, etc that could be given out
Just something to keep in your car or backpack to pass out if you want to
Passive aggressive architecture
🕷️
🛃
🦂
Sexy woman with really big teeth
Stern customs officer removing a dildo from someone's bag
Perfection
<@800126234297630740> I wonder how purses became associated with women or femininity
It's a bizarre idea
Doesn't everyone need to carry objects at least sometimes? Perhaps needing to carry objects looked 'weak' or vulnerable, and thus attributable to femininity
perhaps class as well - a clerical worker or rentier wouldn't want to be associated with the proletarian's handbags for his tools
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1012421365825024192/unknown.png
fanny packs were masculine (technically)
I guess toolbelts as well
For whatever reason, shoulder-strapped bags became feminine
Men were expected to always hold their bag if they were to have a bag.
it's fascinating - the outer expressions, even the clothes, indicate your identity - and your identity is just a tool to place you in the overlapping networks of power
so identity crises are really power crises, right?
Well, not "just", identity serves other purposes, but yes
An identity is a stable collection of:
1
motivations
2
behaviors
These are obviously useful and meaningful when fitting into networks of authority and control
But it's also fairly difficult to continue living without those things being stable for a while
People who lack identity have trouble eating consistently, they may spend hours or days doing nothing, it's more difficult for them to remember things that happen to them, they may not sleep regularly
right, so it's a self-regulation tool as well
As an animist, I would also consider power relations with the nonhuman aspects of the cosmos and environment, nonhuman persons
I guess if you want to call self-regulation part of a power system, like your stomach is hungry and releases ghrelin to coerce you into eating, then sure lol
right, and thus motivation emerges - power regulating things become ends in themselves
but even with something like gender identity, in traditional societies, whether you're an innie or an outie would determine your power relations and degree of autonomy - hence the importance of rigid, stable roles
so when we talk about bad capitalism, or things like markets, we're really just looking at a one of the front ends of power relations and power regulation
the basis of these things is the grasping for power
The state, capitalist ideology, markets, corporations, academics or clergies, military or police forces, etc are all tools of coercion and control, manifesting as or used by overlapping power networks
Rationality, beliefs, and identities are methods of power
Of course they become ends in themselves, but power and the acquisition of power is fundamental, the expressions of power are relative





these are amazing memes <@636681296457891862>
https://youtu.be/pZYMz_kssyo
that is not a full phone number
Smol tomato
Thanks 👍
<@800126234297630740> you don’t do front end right
Yeah, I quit frontend a long time ago, back when everyone used jqueryw
Womp womp
I’ll just lay here screaming into the ether about why we shouldn’t keep using a dead testing library
And everyone will go “you’re weird Rowan”
I never got why people don’t wanna work at big orgs but I’m assuming it’s bc of this
<@232108135513325568> does frontend
Insane reluctance to let go of dead stuff
Hello there tagged person
Hopefully you also don’t use enzyme but if you do then sorry I think it’s weird
Well all this Nukie was pretty great
not gonna lie
I'm thinking I might watch Nukie after this

that time Nukie possessed a motorcycle for no reason and crashed it
Nukie is very bad at piloting automobiles
somebody put it on a list Worst Movies of the 1980s
https://www.imdb.com/list/ls005522853/?ref_=rls_2
https://i.redd.it/jed5rek1c3j91.png
https://i.redd.it/jed5rek1c3j91.png

[Radiolab] NULL #radiolab 
https://podcastaddict.com/episode/138363435 via @PodcastAddict
Do we have no country for old men
Download no country for old men
<@800126234297630740> that's Nukie, right?
https://res.cloudinary.com/teepublic/image/private/s--qc2a1SME--/t_Resized%20Artwork/c_crop,x_10,y_10/c_fit,h_463/c_crop,g_north_west,h_626,w_470,x_-61,y_0/g_north_west,u_upload:v1462829015:production:blanks:mtl53ofohwq5goqjo9ke,x_-456,y_-325/b_rgb:eeeeee/c_limit,f_auto,h_630,q_90,w_630/v1495056038/production/designs/1608400_1.jpg
dude that is totally nukie
wait a minute, Pamela Carter says "Yeah, you *better*, you need him alive", but she says *better* like *bitter*, like the girl in Idaho Transfer
is there a Nukie x Idaho Transfer relationship1!?
<@724882617719193661> was Alpha Base what caused the Echo Event?
I doubt this, but I am proposing it
I like the idea
<@232108135513325568> <@232739995960475648> are we vaheimen?
<@724882617719193661> you wanna Valheim?
<@857825851517304882> you wanna try Valehymen tonigh?
https://c.tenor.com/w6Ow10J0atMAAAAC/how-do-you-do-fellow-kids-steve-buscemi.gif
yeh
ok good
whats your steam name again?
also, install steam
so it's a game about dwarves?
https://store.steampowered.com/
it is not about dwarves
it's about VIKINGS
I'll make a new character with you
and we can struggle
steam is hazaratis
it says I'm logged in
download the installer
you need the desktop client
do you have a computer mouse?
yes
it's installed
ok, sent you the game.
it might show up in an email or in the desktop app
when its accepted, itll be in the Library tab
and you can install it from there
all right, installing the game
im going to grab some soda
ok
ill probably be back before its done
all right

<@724882617719193661> you got it set up?
Happy
yes
ok, do I join a game?
turn your mic on
and ill walk you through it
oh, but step 1
choose an 80s b movie star's name and make it sound vikingish
oh I ust put fishtank
nah
Download You’ll like my mother 1972
My desktop is all packed up
Couldn't get a steamdeck in time before the move lol
I do have the razer somewhere
Disappointing dildo
Dildo attached to windshield
Juicy cancer
INEEDAJOB
Perfect
I found 2 crypts
I have not explored yet
maga
Hanging out at a machine leaning Discord and watching the chat, reminds me so much of beginner programming.
Croatian mole people
Download The Nowhere Inn
I did it
One crypt is clear and i sailed back home without too much trouble
I don't know how to talk in the game yet 😅
https://www2.cs.sfu.ca/CourseCentral/414/li/material/refs/Lippmann-ASSP-87.pdf   Now this makes total sense.\
press enter and then type
ohh ok
if you are far away you can proceed your text with /s to shout
oh good
you words will carry across the world
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/930621096816963596/1011686751925964820/unknown.png
but these boys have been horny for making art and stone structures and I have brought them the tools needed to make it happen
Hot
https://home.agh.edu.pl/~vlsi/AI/hamming_en/index.html

That fucking tagline
“Sharon Dancey chose the wrong night to follow her husband down a dark country road”
Would it have been better on another night?
Would it have been better if the country road were well lit?
Would it have been better if the road were urbane ?
Should she have been following someone other than her husband?
Download jay and silent bob reboot
There are only 2 movies anyone ever needs
Good movie - ratatouille 
Bad movie - nukie
And I guess for some people a third one that’s some French shit but at that point it doesn’t matter which French movie you pick because they’re all about fuckin your cousin or sister or mom or family dog
If you want novelty, try danish films with mads mikelson in em

I have always been somewhat confused about how you would design a NN topology based on a given problem
I.e
how was it determined that MaxNet was the best or most effective configuration for an output layer
I only perused those links briefly, so my question may be answered there.
https://tenor.com/view/lamb-baby-hide-peek-a-boo-gif-17440208
a sweetheart
https://www.ladbible.com/more/weird-animals-with-eyes-at-the-front-of-their-heads-is-creepy-as-fuck-20160915
https://sadanduseless.b-cdn.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/front-eyes19.jpg
https://sadanduseless.b-cdn.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/front-eyes14.jpg
https://sadanduseless.b-cdn.net/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/front-eyes6.jpg
https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/fUcKzVasBkqV7L8rnV8g7E.jpg
http://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/a6Q81Db_700b.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/XoCoSQB.png
I've watched a lot of you tube videos, created by the beautiful people, and from what I see, NN are fundamentally all about using partial derivatives to modify the weights and biases to lower the cost (the output compared to the "correct output").
Using pyTorch that "training" is compacted into one function call `Backward()`
So yeah, all the voodoo that everyone has been talking about for the past 6 years has now been implemented into one function call.
The latest voodoo are the "hyper-pameters", and there is a lot of handwaving and  upset faces by the ugly people
 I am sure in a few years, it will be turned into a function call:   `hyperparameterize(...)`
In my opinion tensors should become the new basis for math in schools
 It's kinda dumb not to use them.
I don't even know why we still use paper/pencil.
LoL I guess someone has to dig the ditches.
https://www.wionews.com/world/watch-go-karting-at-french-jail-sparks-political-conflict-509396
super maga
super fatal deviation
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1012762195735625828/FB_IMG_1661492764321.jpg
<@800126234297630740> interesting fetish
we could make a Frank Bot
lol is this a real guy
He’s basically writing communist propaganda
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> I think he confused 'society' with an MMA cage match


No this guy isn’t real he can’t be
that's how you know he's real
We live in a post-parody world now
> Slavery is a natural benefit to all humans
> - frank
> Fighting for Justice is a noble goal
> …
> Ultimately, Justice is the enemy.
> - frank
Where do I find more of this guy
https://newdiscourses.com/
I'm looking for more

This person is extremely real
My mom’s bf is this guy
Pretty girl magic
Industry baby
Bitch From Da Souf
fatal attractor

Wow! 18 whole dollars!
And it's good that there's an upper limit on compensation.
https://towardsdatascience.com/the-mostly-complete-chart-of-neural-networks-explained-3fb6f2367464
fatal attraction
oh Jesus Christ
I found this, which is a good read:  https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwjMhda15eP5AhUymYQIHQvjBFcQFnoECCwQAQ&url=https%3A%2F%2Fdoost.profile.semnan.ac.ir%2Fdownloads%2Ffile%2F7491&usg=AOvVaw1zK4AzCxHctqhOwnhi8DC1
with vision classification problems, the layers are stacked in a way that are actually very similar to how neurons are layered in the human brain -- we have flat sheets of neurons, connected layer on layer
I think we made the ANN's first, then discovered the vision stuff, though
One thing they like to do is find very generalized neural network topologies, train them on massive clusters of computers and graphics cards on terabytes of data, then experiment with removing nodes to 'compress' the network without losing its accuracy, and at the end of the process you get a topology
So like, it costs months of training to figure out what a good topology is, and at the point you also have the trained model 🤣
A sufficiently large neural network can be trained to do almost any task, it would just take a fucking long time to train and would cost a lot of money to use
So the real answer, I think, is compression!
you can train a 1-billion-node network on the function of `a XOR b`, then compress it down to 5 nodes
ughh
a chat about politics can now start with 'which toxic parody of a political ideology do you believe in?'

https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/755794624806781018/1012343194912043109/camjarjarpop.webp
The icing was they said the position required the ability to "write bug-free code"
cattywampus
catterwampus
catawampus
lol
bug-free code in a 30year old monolithic codebase with hard dependencies on technologies that were discontinued before you were born
Yeah bro can you do it
I'll pay you 16* dollars an hour
MUST BE PROFICIENT IN FORTRAN + HONEYWELL 7BIT ASSEMBLY
(*up to)
4 KB of memory got america to the moon first
Well unless you count that dead cosmonaut that got close
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VNapfdbfEs
Ohhhh noooooeeeessss
How am I gonna buy my Mary Kay now?!
<@232108135513325568> <@232739995960475648> are we valheimin tonight?
yeah i'm rock hard for it
well, i'm looking to get rock hard
i am wood soft right now
I got 2 movies to watch
the one above
and this one

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDb1oTfcmCI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv5i5yg-zNc

wow, just wow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDDukLyXY-M
holy shit Dorian Electra is amazing
yeh I'm enjoying these
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMP2F0wgy7A
CAREER BOY
<@724882617719193661> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3CRycnIoM4
Tommy Cash uit music to become the fastest delivery driver ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1NdGBldg3w

https://youtu.be/pPw_izFr5PA
'Are you dumb stupid or dumb, HUH'
is he still in prison for child pornography?
I think he avoided prison for that, but was imprisoned for gang activity
https://www.ladbible.com/entertainment/rapper-tekashi-6ix9ine-reveals-hes-broke-after-jail-release-20220318
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8orEh7v1ZQ
'Tekashi 6ix9ine has previously escaped jail for child sex charges in 2015, as well as in 2018 for several offences relating to guns, assault, conspiracy murder, and racketeering.'
well im glad he got out
we really need more child pornographers and violent sociopaths out here
😛
there's a documentary about him, i think i put it on plex
<@724882617719193661> <@232739995960475648> <@232108135513325568> <@229250171475722240> <@857825851517304882> 15 min until VALHEEEIIIIMMMM!!!!
lol
let me finish me vegemite sandwiches
https://www.vice.com/en/article/n7n8ed/religious-cult-eats-poop
My desktop isn't set up anymore 😭😭😭

I can try on the razer tonight though
I can use a nintendo 64 controller, right?
Download body snatchers 1993
Playstation 2 controller works!
I suppose you can remove half the nodes and retrain every time
  I am guessing the gradient will descend pretty fast.

Download night of the werewolf 1981
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/930621096816963596/1012883754106224721/hello_my_baby.jpg
knowledge determines destiny
Download nothing underneath 1985
Download the vagrant 1992
Download strange behavior 1981
Download superstition 1982
https://www.npr.org/2022/08/26/1119634878/childrens-hospitals-are-the-latest-target-of-anti-lgbtq-harassment
Pretty wild shit
ministry of partnership
https://www.sciencealert.com/hidden-hunger-stones-reveal-drought-warnings-from-the-past
https://www.pcmag.com/news/russian-army-expo-shows-off-robot-dog-carrying-rocket-launcher
https://hackaday.com/2017/12/14/adsl-robustness-verified-by-running-over-wet-string/
https://suricrasia.online/iceberg/
this link is actually fascinating
little chungus
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1013010979950428220/FB_IMG_1661533852959.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931088066486087733/1013125070228574350/unknown.png
<@800126234297630740> didn't you order an obscure B-movie and it took this long?
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931088066486087733/1013125070228574350/unknown.png
https://religionnews.com/2022/08/02/mixing-faith-with-furries-things-can-get-hairy/
https://www.vice.com/en/article/4aw8b9/buddhist-monks-arrested-thailand
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-inequality-inevitable/
'The free market is essentially a casino that you can never leave
When the trickle of wealth described earlier, flowing from poor to rich in each transaction, is multiplied by 7.7 billion people in the world conducting countless transactions every year, the trickle becomes a torrent
Inequality inevitably grows more pronounced because of the collective effects of enormous numbers of seemingly innocuous but subtly biased transactions...
'We find it noteworthy that the best-fitting model for empirical wealth distribution discovered so far is one that would be completely unstable without redistribution rather than one based on a supposed equilibrium of market forces
In fact, these mathematical models demonstrate that far from wealth trickling down to the poor, the natural inclination of wealth is to flow upward, so that the “natural” wealth distribution in a free-market economy is one of complete oligarchy
It is only redistribution that sets limits on inequality.'
Download Fourth of July 2022

'Ascendit a terra in coelum, iterumque descendit in terram, et recipit vim superiorum et inferiorum'
Isabelle Jeandot, *Memoires*
https://www.guruviking.com/podcast/ep95-dr-ben-joffe-4-coitus-reservatus
Dr Ben Joffe, reflections on the role of non-ejaculatory sex across various traditions
'In this interview Ben takes us on a deep dive into the theory, practice, and scholarship of coitus reservatus as a Tantric religious practice

Ben compares these practices within various Buddhist lineages, as well as exploring the similarities and differences between Shaiva Tantra, Western Occultism, and modern Neo-Tantric approaches.
Ben also discusses the various applications of this practice – including spiritual, medical, and magickal – how to choose a consort, and draws on religious texts to discuss previously secret catheter practices.'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1013161825359114280/FB_IMG_1661626986048.jpg
https://preview.redd.it/c9bzy8qizf181.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=de6d3815b596fa4972918d318c7ed94eb8b9f2b2
https://external-preview.redd.it/uoo-dOMROMyphiLt-ib-SRnzJg3K8DkZcG9BtTUFeQs.jpg?width=960&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=d275de36d49f1f6de3392bac021bb0699bfdf700
https://i.redd.it/5vvysn9ry7i71.jpg
https://i.redd.it/yyyxhflhx7i71.jpg
lol it’s this <@151994782246240257> and <@636681296457891862>
That's true
Concretes can be many things
A cookie is in theory a concrete, yes
I don't understand your message though
It’s a 3rd or 4th layer meme
It may have lost some coherency
I don't follow
Explain
It’s the tradition “mansplaining at the party” meme, it’s genderswapped, the topic being mansplained is ironically interesting (wholesomeposting?), I am associating it with a friend V (dis u lol)
https://imgur.com/r9Fqdze
Hmm
ok
ROFL
DORIAN MADE A WHOLE SONG ABOUT HOW DUMB VIP AREAS IN CLUBS ARE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8C-jx6NAFY

Download blood games 1990
Download Fourth of July 2022
hahahahahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbhE8sEqKqc
hahahaha
HAhahahaha
gigachad
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1013242459939147846/unknown.png
https://youtu.be/BED2oWlCatQ
Download heartbreakers 1984
1.2 petabyte damn
<@232108135513325568> <@232739995960475648> come save me i am stuck on an island
download compelling evidence 1995
download buy sell kill a flea market story
download sandtown 2004
download Children of the X-Files
we NEED this movie
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1764232/?ref_=tt_mv_close



I have no clue where the razer is lol I need to get a goddamn steamdeck

I don't even want to know why that girl is standing on that man




Download samsara and Barak’s
Download samara and baraka
https://youtu.be/lwk5OUII9Vc
https://indianexpress.com/article/technology/science/organ-decay-halted-cell-function-restored-in-pigs-after-death-study-8069894/
<@800126234297630740> get Jeffrey Combs on the phone!
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-022-05016-1
OrganEx aka 'zombie sludge'
'What happened next adds questions to what science considers the wall between life and death
Although the pigs were not considered conscious in any way, their seemingly dead cells revived
Their hearts began to beat as the solution, which the scientists called OrganEx, circulated in veins and arteries
Cells in their organs, including the heart, liver, kidneys and brain, were functioning again, and the animals never got stiff like a typical dead pig.'
https://youtu.be/JM1Of_OBUjw
https://youtu.be/qHtT7nDROBI
file:///C:/Users/Owner/Pictures/heretics.jpg

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119081/
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1013540663607959703/unknown.png

https://www.thenationalnews.com/business/economy/2022/08/28/global-food-prices-under-pressure-as-drought-conditions-deteriorate/
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fa92fPrXoAEiJWR?format=jpg&name=small
https://kr-asia.com/neuron-based-computer-chips-neuroscience-meets-artificial-intelligence
https://www.newscientist.com/article/2301500-human-brain-cells-in-a-dish-learn-to-play-pong-faster-than-an-ai/
There should be a new saying:  "AI will find a way."
we could put these chips in the headless embryos, program them for tasks, and since they aren't legally human, use them as unpaid labor
https://www.technologyreview.com/2022/08/04/1056633/startup-wants-copy-you-embryo-organ-harvesting/
https://twitter.com/RichardWellings/status/1563099789625270275
'I really like topology and by topology I mean category theory'
https://youtu.be/rPdZovsFs9U
https://youtu.be/rPdZovsFs9U
https://youtu.be/leecBJm00To
<@800126234297630740> this is on my playlist of 'Songs I would motorboat Asma Assad's ass to'
https://alchetron.com/cdn/asma-al-assad-08e95b03-2099-422e-a8b6-bfeee66623a.jpg
❤️

crispin glover on seinfeld
abandoned amusement park
abandoned movie theater
https://medium.com/prismnpen/my-michigan-neighbors-shutter-pornographic-public-library-89590987b170
'They are trying to groom our children to believe that it’s OK to have these sinful desires
[Shutting the library down] is not a political issue, it’s a Biblical issue.'
githany
Event Horizon was fun y’all gotta watch it sometime if you like the horror genre
https://youtu.be/GtBmZYqZZjU
https://youtu.be/sxH5Nq8AmKA LOL
do people actually watch this?
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/909/556/e70.gif
https://www.vox.com/culture/23316541/publishing-antitrust-lawsuit-merger-department-justice-penguin-random-house-simon-schuster
'A monopsony is the mirror image of a monopoly, and is sometimes called a buyer’s monopoly
Instead of a market with only one seller who can charge whatever they like, a monopsony is a market with only one buyer, who can set their price however they like....
Historically, the US hasn’t prosecuted monopsony often
Instead, it has tended to treat antitrust law as a means of protecting consumers, not a means of protecting laborers...
Some antitrust experts have been thinking of this trial as a kind of test balloon
If the government wins, we could be entering an era in which monopsonies in many other industries (Hollywood, for instance, as well as Big Tech) could face much more aggressive government scrutiny than before
Power could be redistributed away from giant corporations and back toward the independent workers they employ
If the publishers win, meanwhile, the government will have to rethink its strategy.'
I read this article because this quote made it sound like the sinful desire was shutting the library down
HAHAHA
the Abrahamic religions have been pretty good at producing Artificial Stupidity since the time they were invented
> I guess I am both happy and sad.
> 
> I am happy because apparently young people in Riverside, California will never witness or experience mortality since they won’t be reading my book, which is great for them.
> 
> But I am also sad because I was really hoping I would be able to introduce the idea that human beings die to the children of Riverside, California and thereby crush their dreams of immortality.
> 
> - Green, author of The Fault in our Stars
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
all this book burning and library closure stuff isn't really the core issue though, right?
they needed to balance a budget and tax revenue was low?
it would be nice if somebody could come up with a loophole that allows Abrahamites to read 'sinful' books for an hour, like Islam did for prostitution
https://www.ackcitynews.com/2015/08/see-muslim-prostitute-who-marries-her.html
she is really dedicated
> The 25-year old belly dancer known as Fairuza
lol

best known as an ape woman in *What Is It?*
hahaha

> Why would anyone do this?
- a literal line in the video
<@800126234297630740>
https://au.linkedin.com/in/yahweh-jesus-brian-leonard-golightly-marshall-97b5a5b1
'King of kings and Lord of lords at Golightly Gold'
https://au.linkedin.com/in/yahweh-jesus-brian-leonard-golightly-marshall-97b5a5b1
https://au.linkedin.com/in/brian-golightly-marshall-ab9011b1

the universe is turning 79 this year

it makes sense that the returned Messiah would have a Linkedin profile though, right?
100% I would give it a go
But nothing touches 90 day fiancé I’ve been so happy liam has finally seen the light as well
90 day fiancé: before the 90 days season 1 liam is dubbing one of the couples “4Chan goes to the Amazon”
lol i want to see this episode
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbQcb2QXwAAXVKC?format=jpg&name=small

If *Pretty Woman* starred Willem Dafoe
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1013894222748860457/1552447636948.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1013894610600345711/1577672817668.jpg

Watch the first season!! Each episode isn’t for a season
It’s 90 day fiancé: before the 90 days
I just now re-looked at this and realized my sentence didn’t make much sense
It’s not each episode is a couple, each season follows a group of couples
It's been a while since anything was posted here, but I added Top Gun: Maverick
The first season is 
- 40 something American woman and 20 something Dutch?
- 30 something American man and 21 year old Brazilian (extreme language barrier he can’t speak Portuguese and she can’t speak English - 4Chan takes Brazil couple)
- 40 something year old American man and 21 year old Haitian (almost certainly a sugaring relationship)
- similarly aged American Woman and Spanish man (perhaps cat fish unsure)
- a couple I haven’t met yet
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1013911169624457306/unknown.png
https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/chris-chan-prison-escape
'It is speculated that August 24th, 2022, was meant to be the trial date for Chris-Chan as the start of the end of the "Mother Incest Allegations Saga," which many followers of the lolcow are calling "The Final Saga." A 4chan thread posted on August 24th claims that on Twitter the news of Chris-Chan escaping the courtroom via a bathroom window made Chris-Chan start to trend elsewhere online, such as Twitter.'
'Added about 19 hours ago'
Today I learned that many tree nuts have been found to have less calories than we thought which isn’t surprising bc the science behind calories sucks ass but also I’m enjoying this deep dive
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1013900912546283622/IMG_6364.png
So send me articles about nuts



https://www.nytimes.com/2022/08/27/us/corporal-punishment-schools.html
https://preview.redd.it/qu74lqa8amk91.jpg?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=a637afed808e6e73f8e08c54812eacd3ead3bb96


a tree hit this guy and he made a stone to tell us about it
I want to be able to make these stones
I want to be able to add these stones to the entire seed process of Valheim
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4482858/
'it was basically like if David Lynch made a film about Hasidic Jewish life'
https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1564267348017938434.html
https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1564268574075940870.html
Doorstops

https://youtu.be/QjQZfFoWsoA
https://youtu.be/TOFegbT9kuU
<@800126234297630740> could we build a catboy ranch in Valheim?
Dude
Obviously
What are making
https://twitter.com/latestinspace/status/1563904272949022725
This is pretty good
https://youtu.be/WQII2V2RKgQ
https://youtu.be/wKRLdmTi-OE
https://youtu.be/OlbmRGvLExY
What a plot twist
Clap
Clap
This is the fucking worst
I am gagging is disagreement
The biggest lol of gen x
— you can cook meat a year you want as long as it’s fresh
Cook a steak for 5 minutes on high, 5minutes on low, it’s all safe
Salmon 3 min, 5 min, who fucking cares
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
https://external-preview.redd.it/jTI-uVpm3tsy6FicQvdwUwxvT2rrAFgCdaNhjMmUnUU.jpg?auto=webp&s=38cebbf3a93024c8b5db8169b3c21888c1be0e8c
https://arkeonews.net/first-female-viking-grave-discovered-in-swedish-mountains/
'Hansson says the female Viking tomb is richly equipped.' They recovered all her items.
they can now chop every tree
https://hub.jhu.edu/2022/08/16/the-best-posture-to-take-a-pill/
'Pills taken while reclining on the right side land closest to the lowest part of the stomach, where the pill contents dissolve and are ejected into the intestines for absorption
Pills taken while standing upright or lying on the back land in the bottom of the stomach
Pills taken while reclining on the left side land in the upper part of the stomach and take the longest time to dissolve and reach the intestines.'
I think the Valheim server needs an update

Re: NN's, I recently saw this which was pretty cool: https://github.com/MasterBin-IIAU/Unicorn
It's an attempt to generalize rather than optimize
In the US, life starts at conception now (again)
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0092656621001203
https://assets.researchsquare.com/files/rs-1414172/v1/0554f397-1b06-4aeb-b533-0fb34dd007ed.pdf?c=1652848161
'Overall, the co-occurrence of ASMR and synesthesia lends empirical support to the idea that ASMR may be driven by synesthetic mechanisms'
When the rotation speed of the helicopter propeller blades matches the number of images per second (fps speed) of the camera


https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbYSRghWIAE9y6q?format=jpg&name=small
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbXfNu6XoAA4U_d?format=jpg&name=small
fuck you are right we should just play second life
what does that mean ?
You play around with pyTorch ?
I haven't, no
so there are several kinds of object tracking typically performed with NN's and the idea has been to have a different model for each kind with different weights and training data
this project is an attempt to use the same model with the same weights for all of the different kinds of object tracking
Is Inequality Inevitable?
Thread
Crime prevention through environmental d...
Akrasia8984 I wonder how purses became
https://www.techdirt.com/2022/08/30/intel-who-coined-the-term-patent-troll-makes-deal-with-patent-troll-to-monetize-unused-patents/
https://paulbutler.org/2021/play-to-earn-and-bullshit-jobs/
<@800126234297630740>  You might get a laugh at the above article.
https://www.siliconvalley.com/2020/04/12/qa-this-san-francisco-based-author-wants-to-abolish-silicon-valley-to-save-it-from-capitalism/
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/04/11/goldman-asks-is-curing-patients-a-sustainable-business-model.html
Is that even possible?
I've been making progress with pyTorch and my understanding of NNs
 <@800126234297630740>  was right, a NN is fundamentally a function that defines a line, a plane, or a manifold such that it categorizes training data in two or more dimensions.
This suggests that there could be a calculus  that somehow that relates the input and the wieghts/biases and output.
For example, given the MNIST numbers data set, we can train one NN that can can categorize the number 0-9
 But we can also have 10 NNs, where each one is trained on just one numeral
 As a programmer, I would think of that one NN as a single function call, but the 10 NNs would be a switch statement.
When it comes to the 10 NNs, however the processing is serial in nature, the single NN would be parallel.
This is assuming that the 10 NN are already trained.
We could feed those 10 into a single layer and that would parallelize the processing.
So it looks like we can perform operations on functions such as + - * and /  but we have then calculate the domain or the set of input such that the final output is "correct" for the operation
 So let's say we have two NN that feeds into one layer, that's basically an addtion operation
 The act of training, is actually finding the layer function's weights and biases such that the correct solution 'domain' is found for the addition of  the two NN.
Hmm
Also we can decompose a function into a decomposition of other functions.
This suggests we can go from the output solution domain, to the output layer and then from there generate the inputs set that satisfies the solution domain.
Now the question is, from that input set, can the two NN be generated such that the starting input set for those can be generated (or approximated).
It would be funny if we could train a NN to do that.
Assuming you had the 10 NN feeding into 1 layer, and we had such a NN, it would generate all variations of all 28x28 bitmaps of numbers 0-9  that results in the lowest global minima of the solution domain.
well I take that back: it would be all various, for the set of weights and biases
if you chance any of those, it would generate a new input set.
LOL someone already thought of it, back in December 2021 😦    https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.13208
```
To extract modules, we designed a learning method and a loss function to maximize shared weights among modules
As a result, the extracted modules can be recomposed without a large increase in the size
We demonstrate that the proposed method can decompose and recompose DNNs with high compression ratio and high accuracy and is superior to the existing method through sharing weights between modules
```
https://tenor.com/view/voldemort-embrace-your-uncomfort-zone-gif-4091577
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13208.pdf  if you want to embrace the horror.
Hilarious, they tested using MNIST as well as other data sets.
https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/426715
'support for the Gatebox software that allowed the interaction of the man with his virtual wife, is no longer available and for the same reason, he can no longer communicate with her'
that's basically what Japan does
they have incredible food regulations and so it's not uncommon for raw eggs, chicken, beef, fish, horse, whale semen, etc to be served
I was raised to believe that all raw chicken is covered in salmonella
https://i.redd.it/36pde10jqpk91.jpg
but we're taught that because American food safety is trash
https://i.redd.it/vrkyvv3gjok91.png
it's a good thing they left the anti-skateboarding features tho
I hate this headline and blurb so much
because there's nothing scarier than losing everything like your home, money, health, and security
and so people mask the fear with hate, or make decisions like this against the commons without regard to the other people that use them
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbOtA6nXoAAST0Q?format=jpg&name=large
I think homelessness is a symptom that comes from the inability of people to extract value in exchange for money to then exchanges for goods, services, food/water, and housing
  The inability is mostly mental illness and poverty and too low of an IQ to extract value.
Society thinks "oh well we'll just give them goods, services, food/water, in some cases housing, and we'll fix it"
But that just solves the symptoms.
I think the only solution, is the most difficult, is to help one homeless person at a time
No mass solutions are possible.
social safety nets are for people like this, but no one likes to fund these things
some people are going to sit in the net forever, but that _should_ be acceptable.
but a lot actually can have jobs and live meaningful, productive lives
It's in the best interest of society to fund it or else the quality of life will go down to the level of the homeless
 *Cutting down trees in a town square is a good example*
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FY_3jcjWYAAKQ88?format=jpg&name=900x900
but they need therapy, medication, reliable housing, and reliable food
https://theintercept.com/2022/07/29/bank-of-america-worker-conditions-worse/
'Bank of America complains loudly about the bad effects of high wages in raising prices, but appears to be silent about the pernicious effects of high profits.
This is especially remarkable given the role that corporate profits have played in the recent increase in inflation
After-tax corporate profits stood at 8.1 percent of the economy at the beginning of 2020 but have since shot up to as high as 11.8 percent of the GDP
In an economy the size of the U.S., that equals an increase of more than $700 billion in profits per year
These higher corporate profits have been the cause of over 50 percent of recent price increases.
Instead, the memo is focused on the enticing prospect of the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, slowing the economy, and bludgeoning workers back into line.'
Well BoA has a point, if wages go up then the price of goods goes up.
But the article sort of ignores that businesses will just hire less people or automate.
Or a business will reduce hours or reduce production.
People that want a higher minimum wage don't realize that as long as automation is lower than minimum wage, businesses won't automate
 lol/
But if the minimum wage is $15 an hour and it costs less than $30k a year to automate that worker then the business will automate and not hire a human.
https://chainstoreage.com/walmart-integrates-walmart-connect-automation-platform
https://www.vice.com/en/article/g5vqgq/scientists-find-link-between-wolf-attacks-and-far-right-politics
'this link between right wing politics and antiwolf positions has shown up  in other nations, including the United States
“Experiencing wolves killing livestock in one’s vicinity increases the likelihood of voting for far-right, conservation-skeptical parties,”'
https://globalnews.ca/news/9091703/quiet-quitting-employer-workplace/
'Though definitions vary, quiet quitting essentially refers to clocking in when you’re expected to, doing your assigned tasks, leaving on time and not taking on extra work outside your regular hours.'
I thought that was normal?
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FYkVdEKXwAEC1mm?format=jpg&name=small
https://www.insider.com/women-marrying-themselves-sologamy-pandemic-self-love-covid-2022-3
What's with all the funky iconography
I think pork and chicken are the only real concern nowadays and even that is minor
Wild boar is def not a good ide
https://youtu.be/aGAql_ymzxY
it's an image of the cosmos and a summary of the alchemical path - the serpents biting tails represent both the cycles of death and rebirth and the generation of the cosmos, as well as the stage of completion of the alchemical work, when one attains nonduality and realization of the primordial state of freedom;  the Square and Compasses in the hexagram are the mason's tools used to smooth the rough ashlar stones and make precise geometric constructions, in order to build the temple (oneself, at the center of the worlds) where one will receive the true initiations and become a Priest, King, and Magus; they are also used as signs to reenact the death and resurrection of Osiris, and thus encapsulate the alchemical process of one's own dissolution, purification, and divinization or 'Osirianization' - transmutation into a divine being; they are used in ritual to invoke the 'life force' (no good word in English for it - ashe, qi, prana, animal magnetism, orgone, the 'ether'); the symbols around the hexagram are the glyphs of Saturn, Jupiter, Mars, Venus, Mercury, and the Moon - these are traced in hexagrams in ritual to either invoke or banish those planetary currents - with the Sun, representing one's mindstream which cycles through death and rebirth, in the center.
The first line ('Ascendit a terra' - 'it ascends from earth to sky, and again it descends to the earth, and receives the power of things superior and inferior') is from the *Tabula Smaragdina,* a brief text which describes the alchemical process; the second ('Conjungite solem' - combine the red sun and the white moon in one path and one arrangement) is an alchemical saying summarizing an essential process of internal alchemy.
I like this
Download a Bronx tale
https://youtu.be/byDiILrNbM4
in my tradition it's customary to pack the teachings into very condensed form, in order to allow their unpacking by various means to become a form of self-cultivation
But the symbolism and mental constructs are only a vehicle, and they become a trap if you just stay in the vehicle, polishing it and customizing it, never arriving at the destination
If you do that, your medicine will become your poison
That's why the alchemical apparatus must itself become subject to alchemical dissolution - when we take on a symbolic system, or a belief system, we must also destroy those systems, pierce through them and POP them, to allow them to self-liberate into primordial uncreated clarity, the primordial state of one's original freedom.
https://youtu.be/_au5RCor55M
like that
I just read the article, wealth moves because of a 'mistake'.
Meaning someone overpaid.
so if no one overpays, then wealth does not move.
But not overpaying means perfect information.
download dallas buyer's club
download short term 12
download boy erased
download safe harbor
download a shine of rainbows
download the dark matter of love
download losing isiah
download the last black man in san francisco
download the public
download! the public 2018
download losing Isaiah 1995
https://player.vimeo.com/video/228147636?autoplay=1&title=0&byline=0&portrait=0
> It's like a community of little mustache people
yes! I didn't realize Dorian was born an innie 😅
Are they serious ?
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1014378323121541220/unknown.png
It’s a multifaceted horrible situation
 Some homeless people like traveling around a lot
 Walking the country
We should still give them housing though
Right now if you’re away from your apartment for a few weeks on low income they take it back
download clone wars season 1
download clone wars season 2
download  Star Wars The Clone Wars - Season 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
download star wars clone wars season 1
You guys remember that Gingerclown fic I started? Finally have the motivation to try to continue it.
That sounds reasonable if that is in the lease contract and that homeless person has no mental illness and is not mentally deficient and they chose to violate the lease.
Just because they are homeless doesn't mean they can violate a contract.
Right now if you’re away from your
Brithany eating githany
Hot girl food
It may be similar to the strong correlation of "feelings of disgust" to voting conservative
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1948550611429024?journalCode=sppa
N = 31,045
Idk about causation for the vice article though
People who raise livestock live in rural areas, and rural areas tend to vote conservative
I think the few rural liberals would not enjoy wolf attacks either
Liberurals, if you will
_[unintelligible wet chewing sounds]_
Spirulina crisps
Spirulina on hot girl's face
Coitus spirulina
Algae bloom
Algae blooming onion
Australia covered in algae
Algal reforestation
Sentient algae

Algae war paint
Free space
Yikes
Total space
Help
Judy -h
My favorite take on this movie is that it's part of the Warhammer 40k canon and is actually a story about humanity's first encounter with Chaos and the Warp
This is long before the Imperium of Man and the emperor, of course
So Warhammer 2100 or so
That study only correlates conservatives
 You might as well correlate them with eating hotdogs.
LoL
Yasss! I want it!
I’ve heard that one
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1014480223682703401/20220829_185946.jpg
https://youtu.be/BKorP55Aqvg
https://twitter.com/DejaRu22/status/1564845240149635072
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbfVeZcXoAA5NK7?format=jpg&name=large
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1014753440120967188/IMG_0127.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75Mw8r5gW8E
Download blood freak
Download silk 2
Download ultra warrior
I don't know if that was progressive or regressive
That's the energy I need in the morning
The man takes off his glasses and has a smaller pair of glasses on underneath
Amazing

Download love on the spectrum
Status spectrum
https://preview.redd.it/fxqm5g5gp6l91.jpg?width=960&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=9b5a341ae233553dd0d352255719089a07e3b809

https://i.redd.it/d3n0ml87e3l91.jpg

Perhaps this post could work in <#979882565659942934> as well
This is fucking stupid
This is also terrible
Canned cheeseburger
https://www.vice.com/en/article/bvmvqm/an-ai-generated-artwork-won-first-place-at-a-state-fair-fine-arts-competition-and-artists-are-pissed
https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20220630-the-norwegian-library-with-unreadable-books
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2022/apr/04/mind-blowing-ai-da-becomes-first-robot-to-paint-like-an-artist
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbbL9YYXoAApqHo?format=jpg&name=small

https://twitter.com/sonic_hedgehog/status/1564393199686524934

https://blog.roboflow.com/coco-dataset-image-search/
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FZWvzVJWQAEXBDz?format=jpg&name=medium

That might be delicious actually
https://www.businessinsider.com/mcdonalds-new-burger-china-spam-mayonnaise-oreos-2020-12

https://www.designboom.com/design/burger-king-limited-edition-bizarre-pregnancy-cravings-05-20-2022/
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FalupstWQAMZovD?format=jpg&name=small
Download goblin 2020
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FZup8TOXwAI36wH?format=jpg&name=small
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-11041055/Father-stopped-farting-ate-ham-roll-market-five-years-ago-sues-200k.html

'bean warmer'

YouTube https://youtu.be/_oHVOmV62-M
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/gAZNX/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1015068774862442507/20220902_065035.jpg
Download funny pages 2022
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt14935966/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_16
<@724882617719193661> in this film, Patton Oswalt catfishes his own son
lol
<@727961140172161055> http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/gAZNX/https:%2F%2F1.us.synclounge.tv
https://twitter.com/evoespueblo/status/1565514214617321474
why didn't he fire?
'an assassination attempt by a Brazilian with Nazi Tattoo
The gun was loaded but misfired and failed at the last moment.'
This is actually genius
imagining what this tastes like and gagging
Liam Nissan
For the past two months, every time I went to the Enzian, they showed this trailer
Damned thing made me cringe so much
Lol
https://www.businessinsider.com/california-housing-unaffordable-for-teachers-moving-in-students-families-2022-8
Download blue thunder 1983

Download honk for Jesus 2022
Download strange invaders 1983
<@151994782246240257> let’s watch this wow
i love how they say "this is working" except that it seems all they can report on is that some people are willing to house educators
i cannot imagine taking a job in such an expensive city just to rent a bedroom out of a student's parent's home
Willingness of people to sign up to house the teachers ≠ teachers will take jobs there sheesh
i desire a bad furniture channel
https://jonathanadler.com/products/beaumont-bench-5?variant_id=39278584168482&color=Rialto%20Lavender look how bad this is
https://us.hay.com/outdoor-chairs-and-stools/palissade-dining-armchair/2514852.html?lang=en_US
https://www.bludot.com/amicable-split-19-bench.html
it seems unsettling to be elevated so high off the ground when sitting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxq4xqX6OHw&feature=youtu.be
i like to sit in lots of different ways because that's the best thing you can do for your joints!
https://youtu.be/KAwyWkksXuo
https://paperswithcode.com/
It’s pretty absurd
The article doesn’t go over alternative options they considered
So I don’t know any of them
But like subsidized housing, or some sort of housing vouchers, tax breaks, lots of stuff could be tried
Do we have enough bad furniture to make a whole channel?
I love bad furniture
We could focus on physical goods and call it bad-goods
Maybe we can remove some other channels
I think we should find a way to get Achilles into bad chat
I think we should find a way to get Achilles into bad chat
 should i like the monsters that metadata to collapse, and are like god bless
Meet-me-midway is broken
So yeah, delete meet-me-midway and Achilles and make bad furniture
So yeah, delete meet-me-midway and Achilles and make bad furniture
 meet-me-midway and live in “a” version
Can I get rid of wordle too?
Oh wow yeah


https://fullgrown.co.uk/

Right??? Like how about idk housing stipends for teachers, even a tiny community of smaller homes for teachers like man renting a room in people’s houses seems… not it
https://www.chairish.com/product/1911991/buddha-chair-teak

I just want to ban chairs and seats with mesh / slats etc
My first thought was really, why wouldn’t the parents just hire a live-in tutor
achilles
achilles
 achilles oooo
achilles achilles
achilles achilles
 achilles
I remember reading something about educated greek or roman peasants that would sell themselves into slavery to become tutors for the elites
the elites would house and feed them, and the slaves may even be able to save up for their freedom eventually
<@151994782246240257> I want a channel where you and me propose new words of potential value
Ok

Achilles don't know shit
Achilles don't know shit
 don't get away as a teaching you are hard!!!
until slavery is reintroduced, the state could employ convicts as teachers - they already have housing in the prisons
'From the moment they enter the prison gates, incarcerated people lose the right to refuse to work
This is because the 13th Amendment to the U.S
Constitution, which protects against slavery and involuntary servitude, explicitly excludes from its reach those held in confinement due to a criminal conviction.'
https://www.aclu.org/news/human-rights/captive-labor-exploitation-of-incarcerated-workers
they could also work on developing AI tutors to supplement this convict schooling
Then the best of the expensive, highly-skilled, free teachers could be reserved for ultra-wealthy elites
https://i.imgur.com/ntEsRGm.jpg
Today on Convict School: how to make a shiv from things you find on the ground
Today on AI school:

Achilles teaches kids about sexual reproduction
Today on AI school:

Achilles teaches kids about sexual reproduction
 kids alchemical process of the Raindrops
Yep, that's about what I was thinking
https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2022/07/25/the-haves-and-the-have-yachts
'A Silicon Valley C.E.O
told me that one appeal of boats is that they can “absorb the most excess capital.” He explained, “Rationally, it would seem to make sense for people to spend half a billion dollars on their house and then fifty million on the boat that they’re on for two weeks a year, right? But it’s gone the other way
People don’t want to live in a hundred-thousand-square-foot house
Optically, it’s weird
But a half-billion-dollar boat, actually, is quite nice.”'
'If you’ve just put half a billion dollars into a boat, you may have qualms about the truism that material things bring less happiness than experiences do
But this, too, can be finessed
Andrew Grant Super, a co-founder of the ‘experiential yachting’ firm Berkeley Rand, told me that he served a uniquely overstimulated clientele: ‘We call them the bored billionaires.’ He outlined a few of his experience products
‘We can plot half of the Pacific Ocean with coördinates, to map out the Battle of Midway,’ he said
‘We re-create the full-blown battles of the giant ships from America and Japan
The kids have haptic guns and haptic vests
We put the smell of cordite and cannon fire on board, pumping around them.’ For those who aren’t soothed by the scent of cordite, Super offered an alternative
‘We fly 3-D-printed, architectural freestanding restaurants into the middle of the Maldives, on a sand shelf that can only last another eight hours before it disappears.''🤣
Christ
Those rich people live such extraordinary experiences
Their meat must be very juicy and tender
https://ourbuiltenvironment.substack.com/p/americas-affordable-housing-problem
https://fortune.com/2022/09/01/marriage-rates-china-sink-to-all-time-low-demographic-crisis-birth-death-workers-population/
'China has introduced new incentives to encourage young people to get married and have more children, like allowing families to have three children and offering subsidies for couples to have kids.'
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbqkyKBWQAYt6td?format=jpg&name=small
Abandoned snack machine
Status busey
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1015467297198067792/FB_IMG_1662176613285.jpg
The grossest part is that the chips are probably still fine to eat
"Perfectly Preserved" (TM)
Fuck that angry red dork
Ooooo you so scary cuz your surface is covered in rust
GTFO u oxidized 🅱️itch
GARY BUSEY HAS A TV SHOW CALLED PET JUDGE????
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-problem-with-learning-styles/
'These findings suggest a general lack of student awareness about the processes and behaviors that support effective learning
Consistent with this notion, Hussman and O’Loughlin also found negative correlations between many of the common study strategies reported by students (e.g., making flashcards, use of outside websites) and course performance
Thus regardless of individual learning style or the alignment of the style with study techniques, many students are adopting strategies that simply do not support comprehension and retention of information.'
'Fortunately, cognitive science has identified a number of methods to enhance knowledge acquisition, and these techniques have fairly universal benefit
Students are more successful when they space out their study sessions over time, experience the material in multiple modalities, test themselves on the material as part of their study practices, and elaborate on material to make meaningful connections rather than engaging in activities that involve simple repetition of information (e.g., making flashcards or recopying notes)
These effective strategies were identified decades ago and have convincing and significant empirical support
Why then, do we persist in our belief that learning styles matter, and ignore these tried and true techniques?'
@all do we still like the name video junkies even though we have diversified to code and furniture?
@here
I'm open to consider new names for the community if y'all want
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/tv/tv-news/lord-of-the-rings-the-rings-of-power-amazon-review-bombed-1235211190/
What do <@&853110077938728981> and <@&959843140427186207>  peeps think?
<@&874406377982926889>
we could propose some possibilities
New Name Suggestions
https://youtu.be/IcxLQeh6J6A
https://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2017/04/over-nearly-80-years-harvard-study-has-been-showing-how-to-live-a-healthy-and-happy-life/
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1015723463685718147/unknown.png
toilet things
https://twitter.com/AlexH_Johnson/status/1565793682766237697
'Each time you load your rewards card, Starbucks holds onto that money until you're ready to spend it
Multiply this by 25 million active rewards members, and you have a company that reported $1.6 BILLION in deposits last year.
For reference: Discover, the 4th largest credit card provider in the country, only holds $470M in deposits...
Every year, rewards members load about $10B onto their Starbucks cards!
So what does Starbucks do with all that extra cash lying around?
Think of it as a zero-interest line of credit
Need cash to build a few dozen new locations? Really big ad campaign in the works? Upgrading equipment? No need to borrow from a bank at 2-4%
Just dip into your cash reserves and replenish it later.
The reason that Starbucks can do this is that it doesn't have to keep an adequate reserve on hand to facilitate redemptions
The only way to cash out of Starbucks' balances is to buy something from Starbucks!'
Yes, Gary Busey: Pet Judge
He is a very fair mediator
Furniture is a type of video

If only people would stop buying Starbucks.
I mean if no one buys from them, there will be no more Starbucks.
You know, the only place that capitalism failed was the Soviet Union.
Therefore if you want capitalism to fail, we must switch over to planned economy.
It's very simple to make capitalism fail, in such an economic system.
In order to protect the citizens from making bad choices such as using reward-cards, the State would just make them illegal.


why can't we just do what the Nordic countries are doing why do we need to go the route of the USSR or China
 no thanks
ironic that the countries who believe in a stateless, classless society are the countries with the most heavy handed states
China was on the path to self destruction before Deng's reforms
Gotta get to Denmark
Not sure if this should be I'm bad movies or bad video games- But did you guys hear about the new Killer Klowns from Outer Space video game being made?
I am back baby! Are we still playing valheim?
Hi, yes, Blockbuster? I'd like to order a copy of Lord of the Rings: Rings of Power on futon, please
I also have an eames chair player if you have it on that format
The porn industry has always been influential in the adoption and proliferation of new technologies
That's why I decided to get myself a backroom casting couch
I just know this format is gonna be huge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuEmD9WRKes
It's an old propaganda trick of corporate Capitalist media to trot out Soviet-style state monopoly capitalism and present it as the only alternative to their system
We have lots of data, and it's interesting because it forces us to discard the neoclassical Capitalist general equilibrium theories
*All the data shows that Soviet state monopoly capitalism was allocatively efficient,* based on their planner's preferences and goals, and in fact this allocative efficiency increased during the 1970s and 1980s, precisely when their economies were most stagnant
But Soviet-style state monopoly capitalism, which basically looked like just the capitalism of a single corporation without the shareholders, wasn't very good at allocating resources to satisfy costumer preferences, and they did a poor job adopting and diffusing new technologies (this was significant in the competition for world dominance with Western economies at the time) - both of these contributed to the political failures that led to their downfall.
The main distinguishing feature of the Western capitalist economies, including democratic socialist market economies like the Scandinavians, that allowed better performance versus the Soviet bloc was the autonomy of 'firms,' that is, multiple autonomous sources of productive capital made possible by the existence of a market in capital
So some business enterprise (called in the theory discussions a 'firm') can enter the market, set up shop, put out products or use technical methods, and fail and close
In the Soviet bloc centrally planned systems, such economic activity could not be readily undertaken, and in practice even in bloc countries that introduced market reforms, failing firms would have to be bailed by the state, instead of being able to sell capital or raise or borrow from investors.
This autonomy means that firms can receive direct feedbak from customers, and allocate resources based on customer preferences
A centralized planning agency would have difficulty handling the informational complexity of specifying all products to meet customer preferences.
Now, the key to this autonomy is the existence of a capital market
Obviously, Western style corporate Capitalism does a very poor job at distributing wealth
So an essential part of the solution, a first step, is to socialize finance
Multiple socialized investment firms and banks can allow firms to autonomously enter into production, exchange, and competition in order to satisfy customer preferences
Also, discard the neoclassical theoretical garbage - general equilibrium models, the welfare theorems, Pareto efficiency of allocation
We should also be aware that the 20th and 19th centuries were a different time
As the era of economic expansion made possible by cheap fossil fuels comes to a close, all forms of capitalism now face centuries of economic contraction.
Future societies won't have the abundant resources that were available the past two centuries, so as economies lurch from crisis to crisis, it's likely indeed that authoritarian regimes will seize more and more direct control of economic factors, to ensure the dwindling share of wealth and privileges is funnelled to their elites
It could simply be a matter of extending and refining the current world system, which already places the rights and profits of corporations ahead of the interests of ordinary people, and beyond their control.
No doubt there will messy losses of control, state failures, replacements of elites, and a widespread underground economy
So I'm not optimistic that anybody is going to try to reform this current system
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1016068240457334904/unknown.png
whew
 at least you have done some research haha
i worked retail it was hell
 and the workers are paid nothing
 in the Nordic countries they pay the McDonalds workers a living wage at the expense of the business owner mostly
 would be a huge improvement from the USA's current system
there's too many people who worship capitalism in the USA though I am not optimistic
I found this interesting paper 'Persistence Despite Revolutions.' 'The Chinese Communist Revolution was one of the most leveling events in history
The land of the better off was confiscated, and those who were wealthy were denied education
Yet, none of that mattered
Those who wealthy before, went back on top.'
https://www.nber.org/system/files/working_papers/w27053/w27053.pdf
'Using newly digitized archival records and contemporary census and household survey data, we show that the revolutions were effective in homogenizing the population economically in the short run
However, the pattern of inequality that characterized the prerevolution generation re-emerges today
Almost half a century after the revolutions, individuals whose grandparents belonged to the pre revolution elite earn 16 percent more income and have completed more than 11 percent additional years of schooling than those from non-elite households
We find evidence that human capital (such as knowledge, skills, and values) has been transmitted within the families, and the social capital embodied in kinship networks has survived the revolutions
These channels allow the pre-revolution elite to rebound after the revolutions, and their socioeconomic status persists despite one of the most aggressive attempts to eliminate differences in the population.'
Download braid 2018
Download inside no 9
Download the birds II: land’s end 1994
Omg
Search fire hazard
Download fire hazard 2018
Download fire hazard 2016
Download fire hazard 2011
Download fire hard 1991
yes
YES!
I know nothing of this


zombies eating cake instead of human flesh



https://www.theguardian.com/news/2022/sep/04/super-rich-prepper-bunkers-apocalypse-survival-richest-rushkoff
'Their extreme wealth and privilege served only to make them obsessed with insulating themselves from the very real and present danger of climate change, rising sea levels, mass migrations, global pandemics, nativist panic and resource depletion
For them, the future of technology is about only one thing: escape from the rest of us.'
'These people once showered the world with madly optimistic business plans for how technology might benefit human society
Now they’ve reduced technological progress to a video game that one of them wins by finding the escape hatch..
And these catastrophising billionaires are the presumptive winners of the digital economy – the supposed champions of the survival-of-the-fittest business landscape that’s fuelling most of this speculation to begin with...
They were working out what I’ve come to call the insulation equation: could they earn enough money to insulate themselves from the reality they were creating by earning money in this way? Was there any valid justification for striving to be so successful that they could simply leave the rest of us behind –apocalypse or not?'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1016130508557668423/20220904_154516.jpg
There were a lot of furries at DEFCON
It's basically fresh fruit combined with organic croutons
i find this quite humourous
an entire race of people with eyeballs for teeth
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fbz2GY8XkAAQcA4?format=jpg&name=large
download dead silence 2007
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fb3F2iYWIAAmqKu?format=png&name=small
sushizza




peter griffin cake
vriska serket cake


I'd eat it
Bass Pro Sluts

police drone announcing a lockdown

thats not a cake

skull toilet
id buy it
get home and take a shit in the skull toilet
presentation is bad but it probs tastes better
investing in the future (of my migraine headachess)
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fb0dxxpUYAAK2LT?format=jpg&name=small
I’m not sure what you mean by “what the Nordic countries are doing?”
what do you mean
oh
you know Sweden, Norway, Denmark, etc
it's market socialism more or less
 the boss has to pay his workers or not do business
it's not what we call "communism" but it's socialism
or at least it is compared to whatever we got in the USA
 zombie apocalypse economics here
Are you suggesting that a business may not be created unless approved/financed by these socialized banks and entities?
they could always use their own capital
raise it privately
it's called the Nordic model
https://mattbruenig.com/2017/07/28/nordic-socialism-is-realer-than-you-think/
https://www.peoplespolicyproject.org/2018/03/13/the-nordic-myths-that-never-seem-to-die/
What if a Nordic company has 90% automation versus another Nordic competitor that has zero automation
 Would that first company be outlawed ?
Assuming they both made the same revenue.
But obviously the first has more profit.
The workers in both companies would be paid the same amount individually but the  second company has less profit.
If the first company puts the second company out of business would that be allowed or would the second company be subsidized?
Would there be a stock market ? Public ally traded stocks ?
I’m just curious how Nordic capitalism can compete.
Or is the idea to achieve a steady state economic model ?
I mean there is no farmland there so invasion doesn’t make sense.
And therefore a military doesn’t make sense.
And we know a military requires a lot of capital.
you should look into some of those countries fucking military technology haha
they get it done
Sweden invented a rocket that is NOT in the Ukraine that is better than the ones they have now
 the javelins
like way better
same concept too fired from a soldier on a hill top or whatever at a jet
Well they never had to compete industrially against another industrialized nation in terms of military invasion.
Therefore they’ve no need of US style capitalism.
Right now it’s the policy@of the US to be able to fight a two front war AND maintain a full marine division for amphibious invasion/landing.
So of course our capitalism has evolved to suppose to that capability.
Support.
We have lots of farmland to protect
 LoL.
So yeah academically sure this Nordic Capitalism seems like Utopia.
But sorry it doesn’t work for the amount of money that America has to spend on its gov budget.
it would work fine lol we already spend a huge amount on our military like Norway does
they have huge prosperity in the Nordic countries because of their model and we have a huge amount of people in dire straights in the USA
straits?  or is that the b and
but yeah you can open a McDonalds in norway you just gotta pay you workers a living wage etc
in the USA it's more communist if anything because you can pay your workers dick and expect uncle sam to give them food stamps and a place in the ghetto
thats a bit of cheekiness but you get me
People don’t have to work for McDonald’s
 Also if the minimum wage gets higher than automation, companies will automate.
they will still need technicians and engineers
they already need a significant amount of both
Just saying that no one is forced to work at McDonald’s.
They could work at another job making more money.
what's your criticism of the Nordic model exactly
McDonalds are in Sweden, Norway, etc
 they just are forced to not exploit the workers as much
you also didn't address what I said about the gov taking care of the "lower class" (ick i hate that term) because that's what is required in this current system if you don't want corpses in the streets
 even if they work 40 hours a week the usa is very expensive to live for a person working in retail or food service etc generally
but you definitely need people working those jobs
was actually kind of a buried story how many people working in grocery stores for dick money got covid and died 
same thing happened to cops i guess but they got bennies for the family
Well I think the gov should only help those with mental illness or mental deficiency.
corpses in the street dude
Everyone else they gotta extract value.
it's already bad enough the safety net will make raids on rich people's homes happen like in old Russia or some shit
Extract value in exchange for money to trade for goods and services.
don't give them ideas they already trample on our rights enough
they tax us so
 yeah
"you must have value to be extracted by the government unless you're crazy" haha
people aren't soft as we like to believe, was always a person using those drones
 until they figure out AI I guess
<@517783191910744070> what do you think about the universal basic income thing
Personally I think there should be no income tax    Only sales taxes.
well we have a progressive tax which is very similar
Progressive tax is dumb.
All it does is slow the economy.
also have luxury taxes in the USA
Do you ride the bus?
didn't Joe Biden just tax the uber wealthy like 15% or something right?  but in the USA
 the law is supposed to be you pay 37%
maybe
been a while but I took the Greyhound halfway across the country a few years back
The public transportation system (city buses)keep people poor
Because it’s cheaper that buying a car
And it survives because it is subsidized
Veterans ride the bus free in my area and stuff like that though
i'm rural though 😄
so yeah it's a good deal for them for sure bringing people to Prescott or Sedona or whatever.
in fact my area made every bus fare free
you're not wrong but i'm not sure how it keeps people poor haha
In regards to UBI, I see it’s mandatory when the minimum wage heys higher than automation costs.
So yes
 Raise minimum wage to $100 an hour
 We will all get UBI
they should pay people to pursue specialized fields of really any type imo when it becomes obvious we don't have to work at the dick sucking factory anymore
 except for the one technicician, and the one engineer
 they got the local community
they will automate a lot
 the trucks that come in
 all that
if you owned a bunch of McDonalds franchises you could hire like 2 guys to keep a dozen restaurants going probably unless you had vandals or something I suppose mucking things up
in the predicted future
If the Teslabot every goes into mass production then we will get UBI
the factories are already very automated it's amazing really
Then no more humans will work in fast food for minimum wage.
i don't want to be lorded over by Elon either so
 yeah
 tax him
 maybe the gov can make him a knight or something I don't care tbh
the lording over factor is bad enough as it is let's not make it worse is part of my thinking
Wait why tax him ?
because governments need to tax their citizens
i'm not much of a capitalist i don't think but i don't necessarily agree with stuff like luxury taxes and sin taxes
 if someone wants to buy some silver or gold hoping it goes up in value 
don't make him pay 10% of it to the gov because he bought it from some store or whatever
 kinda silly really
 and sin taxes are worse
 unless they're tiny then they make sense
they should literally tax the successful though and leave the average joe alone if he makes like 10k
peanuts
So let’s be clear
 The UShas two tax systems
  Earned income and capital gains.
100k is peanuts to these guys
there's sales tax in the individual states
So are you familiar with how capital gains tax works ?
yeah its when your investment goes up in value, you owe a tax on it
in the USA I believe its when you sell
Correct
 The tax is much lower than earned income
Do you have an idea why ?
as to not impede the growth of the economy i assume
If the stock loses value doi get a reverse tax ?  Ie get a larger tax refund?
business is extremely international now people need investments in companies
no
i think you just don't owe a tax on your stock if you lose money, i forget
The tax is lower because it is to incentivize people to invest.
So let’s say I work at McDonald’s and I had bought TSLA when it was $6 a share
Let’s say 100 shares
Today that would be worth 80k
So should I pay more that15% on that  assuming I was making minimum wage?
?
What if I had bought 1000 shares.
Would you punish me with a higher wealth tax?
Why punish someone that has 500 billion locked up in shares?
Especially when they took the risk and put in the starting seed capital of I think 4$ million dollars and almost went bankrupt ?
All those Tesla cars were voluntarily purchased
 No slave labor was used
 No one was forced to work forTesla.
I am sure there must have been some sort of violations in third world countries.
Since those governments are prone to corrupt.
The movie or the news about the game?
































































some kinda message
ok
somehow they added a new Intent, you have to get permission to read message content
does anybody wanna help set up a StableDiffusion server for us?
I tried to set up min-dall-e on the server, but it takes up so much ram
like 50g
StableDiffusion is apparently a lot smaller, like 6g
You are a troll.
I don't think that would necessarily be true
Divided labor isn't necessarily the same thing as capitalism
Large human organizations will probably always need leadership and specialized labor


I like what the Aztecs put together though
They were masters of engineering, agriculture, urban planning, and a variety of other domains.
They had division of labor but weren't capitalists
The Incas had a pretty huge (and markedly resilient) economic structure
Not only did they do it without debt, they did it without currency.
There was plenty of time in the history of capitalism when we didn't have debt, in the sense we have now
<@724882617719193661> will talk your ear off about how debt was pushed in the 80s to fix some capitalist crises and get back to our 'infinite growth'
Lacking debt doesn't make capitalism impossible, it makes the things you buy cheaper
Like in India, they have dramatically different types of cars because the loan system isn't there.
I think because human lives are too short, we have to pick a local minimum of thought and build on it -- we can't start from first principles every time
Our ideas of law, justice, and epistemology come mostly from the Greeks
The Romans thought "good enough..
Let's adopt and extend it" but there are plenty of other ways to conceptualize those ideas
There's too much effort involved in getting people to change their foundations of thought
Capitalism, communism, socialism all share a common evolutionary ancestor
It's like they all have the same game pieces but try to make different rules
Why not consider entirely different games?
Did the incas and aztecs even have the wheel?
I got some ram to spare
I suppose their economy didn't require it.
I know the american indian's did not have the wheel.
Incas had alpacas
I don't know for sure, but I think the Aztecs had the wheel
They had city-scale agriculture and needed to move around lots of material
Wheels are required because, it makes it more efficient to move  resources
 More resources means more work, which means more money (record of labor), since more resources makes value extraction more efficient.
Google has the answer.
What's it say?
The more I think about it, I think wheels are pretty fuckin dumb
I lokey regret the wheel
Wheel tax 🙂 For the win.
That is another way to curb capitalism or any ism
😉
they recommend an nvidia 3xxx series card
but apparently some people got cpu rendering to work
not sure what you're trying to insinuate, but I stand by statement that wheels are dumb
Actually, we already tax wheels..
road taxes.
Cars are dumb, obviously, and I think there should be fewer cars, but I don't support bicycles
Bicycles are wheeled, and therefor dumb
I'm trying to insinuate that taxing efficiency is a good way to curb capitalism.
<@557418245708316674> wants to raise alpacas
capitalism is not efficient
I hope to raise goats one day
capitalism hopes to be resilient, by duplicating efforts
but it's not resilient either
capitalism is not efficient
where did you get that idea
efficiency also doesn't help capitalism
<@557419862826156042> I’ve got a goat guy if you want goats
as a good capitalist, you'd want to capitalize on a lack of efficiency, and trickle it out as slowly as possilbe
I need some land or at least a spare bedroom
Then I'll take you up on your goat guy
no, strike that, im falling into your bizarre definition of capitalism again
I was thinking capitalism is efficient since I can use money to create a factory.
you can do that without capitalism
markets exist, transactions exist, economies exist, without capitalism
capitalism is a particular kind of market/economy
there are so many
capitalism is like most market-based economies, but it emphasizes the importance of a separate kind of value -- "capital"
so capitalism doesn't give you the ability to create a factory, that's something that's provided by everything else that isn't the slim definition of capitalism
in simulations and experiments, they found that any system that operated kinda like a market inevitably resulted in temporary unbalanced concentrations of 'wealth'
"capitalism" is the idea that these concentrations are important
and I just want to point out
YOU ARE NOT A CAPITALIST
YOU
ARE
NOT
A
CAPITALIST
ok.
But does that matter if the money I have increases year over year ?
that's a weirdly phrased question
matter in what way?
be it in stocks or  real estate or actual metal bullion ?
Please maintain inside voices
Meaning, if I vote in a way to increase capitalism in our politics and policies..
and my money (or wealth) grows..
I'm good right?
good in what what
good as in you're more capitalist? no
good as in I don't care what you do with your money? yes
good as in God prefers you as a chosen person? i dont know
Ah, all I care about is that the investments grow.
I mean I retire in about 10 years.
I certainly won't vote against policies or politicians that make my investments grow.
So you don't care about capitalism?
I thought you cared that capitalism allowed you to create a factory, or that capitalism allowed for the development of expensive and complex technologies
Oh sure, I mean that's why I invest in TSLA.
I am thinking it will 3x **at least** in 12 years.
Some predict 10x.
Depends on the Tesla bot.
And Tesla AI applications of that Tesla bot to replace burger flippers.
it's always possible for publicly traded stock prices to be overvalued, yes
Capitalism for the win.
And from what I can gather TSLA is all capitalism.
I mean, they forecast it to be a Trillion dollar company in 10 years.
That's **alot** of capital.
And I plan to own a large slice of that
HUHU
I will use my goats to stage a hostile takeover of your trillion dollar company
Assuming that California will outlaw gas cars in 2035.
And the 10? other states that follow CA environmental laws also follow that mandate.
let's see if i can follow this conversation
capitalism makes it possible for a person to create a factory
Yes.
that's not really a factor of capitalism, so instead we'll talk about how investments grow, and its okay to not be capitalist as long as investments grow
That factory will compete withe other factores created but not by capitalism.
back to the issue of capitalism's relationship to industry -- let's divert to TSLA and stock markets
The factory will capitalism will outgrow the non-capitalist factory.
what is a non-capitalist factory?
Any factory created by means other than capitalism.
so like, pretty much every factory
can you tell me how it's capitalism, in particular, that creates factories?
Well first wed have to talk about property rights.
fuck off
2nd amendment, bill of rights doesnt grant rights, sovereign citizen, etc
it's tired
Property rights and capitalism are very much bound together.
if you wanna talk about property rights, let's talk about land-use rights and the inclosure acts, but you wont listen to that
Sure
We can talk about that stuff.
something being a social contract doesn't make it interesting or meaningful
Ok so we have some land....
no one owns it.
as it had been for millenia, yes
That is to say there is no social contract or legal contract for ownership.
Wait let's say it's Mars.
Just for fun.
Ok so a capitalist and a bunch of folks build a rocket and land on mars.
They send a message back to earth, "We're creating a social contract (government) and creating contracts to subdivide Mars".
Of course, what to do on Earth ?
This is similar to how countries are subdividing the northen polar oceans.
Countries with guns.
So, academically we can shout "NO NONO You don't own that!".
But yeah, sadly they'll just say, "Sure, bring your Army/Navy and we'll figure it out".
That's why people hate capitalism because it makes those without capital, powerless, which is pretty much everyone
  But good luck trying to convince people not to get married and have kids and not try to own a house or try to own a car.
Tell them, don't consume! Don't improve your quality of life.
LoL, it's useless.
https://y.yarn.co/97a84ca8-8781-4cd6-9056-7521097e491f_text.gif
Funny thing, I found out today that Russia sells oil to Saudi Arabia /UAE and then we buy it from them since it's Not from Russia".
ALso the EU buys fuel from China, that Russia sold to China.
So TSLA is the most efficient way out, man.
Though the Big Oil stocks are doing pretty good right now.
Electricity, is like, the future, man
Yes, right now you can sell solar panels to the EU and make a killing.
Supposedly they're telling their citizens to not use fuel during the winter.
Download Nine guests for a crime 1977
Im not sure why that is happening.
Some people say it's the governmental system of the EU.
I am not even sure why we're supporting Ukraine when it's a lost cause.
Download Land of Gorch
I think we've already spent $50 billion sending arms and support to Ukraine and we're going to send more.
Last I heard, there are going to be blackouts in California.
Folks are going to unfairly blame Socialists.
yeah, probably
we should have people stop selling solar to the EU and sell it to CA
Well my understanding is that self-responsibility and self-sufficiency is racist
😉 LOL
https://d.newsweek.com/en/full/1610610/smithsonian-aspects-white-culture.webp?w=790&f=ab12077631acab2dac02fd587b3f4f15
https://twitter.com/Akzyy/status/1567864200952745985
Seems kinda strange to me
 That paper is like another guide on how to destroy capitalism.
bland is not best
I need me summa dat spice of life
Mustnt have that "Winner/Loser dichotomy".
Or being #1
https://tenor.com/view/ricky-bobby-will-ferell-if-youre-not-first-you-are-last-gif-3983540
https://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/democratic-socialism-pros-cons.jpg.webp
https://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/pros-cons-capitalism.jpg
they spell labor with a u so I don't trust them
"Better than alternatives" should be changed to "Better at alternatives when it comes to the industrial military complex."
@here I vote we call this server Body.genre
that cool?
Dissent please
The miltary industrial complex exists because of division of labor, in regards to military arms manufacturing
 Originally the Arm would produce its own weapons, but then that was externalized to civilian companies.
I suppose that was necessary to win WW2.
i love it
bodygen.re is our domain
body genre
body genre
body genre
body genre
body genre
bodygen.re
bodygen.rebodygen.re
bodygen.re
bodygen.re
https://youtu.be/eGHxXw7Qcs8
Bodygen sounds like a dystopian cosmetic surgery business
https://youtu.be/QYw4UVzl84A
who's to say it isn't
I vote that Deluge is down
Download Back to the Future Trilogy

Download mirrormask
<@&944801725062184973> turn it off and on again
Tits McGee
I have a lot of scrolling to do 📜
Nice to see fellow Aztec appreciation
Not even shitposting it was just a nice harmony with nature to a degree that the Spaniards and Portuguese didn’t know
They brought things with them too though kind of a dark pact
 Technology etc
Have you all seen the slot machines with surround sound and rumble action they’re new and your grandparents are gonna lose the farm to them
New slots are scary
I live right next to a casino not trying to be weird it’s on my mind with bad capitalism
Gambling is very capitalist


This chair really speaks to my career


Hey everybody! I got an announcement to make! We're expecting!!
Excellent.
Congratulations!  👍🙏😊
Lol woops
I kited a bunch of drauger into the plains and got everything fighting each other
There are also some crypts on the continent south of the bridge that are a little safer
body genre
adam driver body genre
I just saw the new profile for this channel, and am very confused-
Download femalien
Yeah <@557419862826156042> did it
I’m not sure what it is either lol
I thought it was Adam driver from that Star Wars scene

<@557419862826156042> , I had lunch with <@800126234297630740> and <@557530348821545000> today and we didn’t miss you at all
Download The untouchables French version english subtitles
Download the untouchables french version english subtitles
Download intouchables 2011
help
<@795799272075427910> <@800126234297630740> I asked Judy/DALL-E/JUD-E to make a bunch of images based on the input "body genre" in <#989705155446448178> and I picked one that felt the weirdest
well I spent the day with my _best friend_ and didn't miss you all either!
https://tenor.com/view/jerk-off-stroke-me-ma-stroke-masturbate-sexual-gif-15155061
although I did think of you ;0
Hey has anyone ever seen "Glen or Glenda"?
not joking about the 3D graphics,  rumble chair, surround sound slot machines they make you totally forget you're gambling your money away
I have not
What's it about?
gross
I'm trying to get set up with stable-diffusion on my infra, but after reading through the docs, it looks like I need 10GB of _graphics_ memory
I don't have that setup on my server rack (yet)
our DALL-E is hitting a craiyon endpoint, right <@800126234297630740> ?
HOW DO WE FEEL ABOUT AI GENERATOR CRYPTOCURRENCY MICROTRANSACTIONS??????
Craiyon is ad-supported to keep it free
ugh I'm gonna have to learn cLoUd tEcHnOlOgY aren't I
we gonna need summa dees https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/p4/
p4d.24xlarge is 320 GB GPU memory lol
$32.77/hr ~ $0.01 per second
I can afford that probably
Cirrus stratus cumulus altus nimbus cirrostratus altostratus cumulostratus nimbostratus altocumulus cirrocumulus stratocumulus cumulonimbus

The average cloud weighs a million pounds
A typical hurricane is 300 miles wide
Its eye is 30 miles across
The weight of water deposited by a hurricane is enough to cause deformation in the Earth's crust

I am one picohurricane.
Why do all these models require a huge amount of contiguous graphics memory? Or do they? Can they operate on multiple GPUs with 4G of memory?
YAASSSSSS
"A crowd of people cringing at a movie screen while drinking heavily"
I used this site's API to generate this locally: https://beta.dreamstudio.ai/
well, request it locally via my CLI
it was generated remotely
This is what the stable-diffusion AI thinks of your poem:


It's an Ed Wood movie that was meant to give a shine about transvestites, especially since the director himself was one.
check out some of the results in <#1016882980825866291>
fwiw: https://beta.dreamstudio.ai/prompt-guide
Sounds interesting! Have you asked Judy to see if she can download it?
Why can’t they just be real games?
Give me a racing game and I’ll dump $10 bills into it
But pointless flashy lights?
they have kinda merged them
lots of slot machines have a "goal" other than winning money now like a video game would
Slot machines are more like a kinetoscope
Is Filebot down, too?
Is there a way to manually run the job?
Looks like it is, trying to fix it
I'll just watch this in the meantime
Download Willard 2003
Where would I be able to do that? I just joined today.
in the <#944851560981225512> channel
you can say 'do we have glen or gtlenda'
or just try to download it, `download glen or glenda`
Download Willard 1971
Fixed.
The post-execute plugin was turned off somehow
Noice
Ayyyyyyyyy
Why, why, why, why why.
Why is everyone trying to talk to me?
I simply want to complete this.
http://3dea.openhouse.me/last-day-to-create-your-own-sex-toys-at-3dea-monday-december-10th/
lol
some muslim hacker group decided to hack this 3d printing website
so they can do their hacktivism thing
but their hacktivism thing is just  begging people to not think muslims are terrorists
it's pretty weird

their hacktivism is that they dont want people to not like them
and they aren't terrorists
but

Dr
T3rr0r
he got mud feet
And a jean skirt
Listen, that man is a doctor
TO ALL CORPORATE GOVERNMENTS
TO ALL COUNTRIES
Quit being mean to us
😞
Download soultaker
W3 R n07 T3rr0r157s
Download neon maniacs
Download messy hair cop
Download Obama cop
I have a dumb coding idea
We have a lot of ______ Cop movies and Ninja ______ movies
It would be kinda funny to make a graphviz plot of those
I’m fact, we could do it for all movie titles
So
Plex api + Python + graphviz
ok i did it
and its like 6000 connections
you got a pic?
no it was taking forever to render lol
also, how does the plex API do?
https://github.com/pkkid/python-plexapi
so like, if you want a list of all movies in a library:
```python
import plexapi
token = "..."
client = plexapi.PlexServer("http://ap6r0.bysh.me:5453", token)

for movie in client.library.section('B Movies').search():
  print(movie.title)
```
you can create and delete collections, add and remove tags and metadata
that's pretty cool
i want to make a plex metadata editor
because plex's metadata editor sucks so much
ooo lets make it so that we can do it from discord lol
that would be cool
if you wanna work on it with me that would be dope
yeah man
whenever you get mad you cant do something in plex, write it down, and itll be a new feature
lol
should I make a bodygenre github?
yeah!
this isn't you, is it? https://github.com/danrlewis
u a product d-signer?
haha that fucker
i stole his username probably
i am the top daniel
there can only be one!
the Danlander
what's your gh name?>
the danlander
oh, im danroblewis now
highlander but it's two nerds fighting over usernames
coo
alright let's GET THIS METADATA EDITEDDDDD
gah microsoft is fucking up github
it does too much shit now
oh
i just realized a funnier project
a markov bot bad movie title generator


Sworn to Daddy haha
lol
hard kill command
I like this
Anyway, we have a repo now with a generic enough name: https://github.com/bodygenre/discord-plex-controller

haha
these are great


http://bodygen.re:8000/a.png
so yeah i should just make a markov bot
okay@
I kinda want to still make the discord plex controller
yeah
have fun with plex metadata
its a neat dataset
haha this is hilarious
ok im gonna add it
!title
!titles
!title
it needs fake years too
excellent
but i like it
you know what the endgame should be for this channel?
lol what
an AI generates a title, that title is used to generate a plot, that plot is used to generate a movie
haha
that would be so amazing
i kind of want it to generate a random title, then use the words to filter a set of movie descriptions
use those movie descriptions to generate a new movie description
!title
!title
HA
!title
!title
maybe i should do 3 word min
this is so good!
well these are real movies probably lol
How would we ever know!
oh shit
the year should be based on a hash of the movie title
duh
ah yes, the year of our lord c18f255d87550e4a84fb4e0ca731c029ca6cbb323a8062e0d29f0ed80af6dbd6
The golden age
you cool with me putting the JewD py files on github?
lol
idunno, gotta check for passwords
good point
oof
agg
!title
!title
!title
!title 5
hahahha
!title
!title5
!title 5
hahaha
!title 10
no dessert dad till dawn
a movie about a girl named Alice who joins the Falun Gong because of her mother
hahaha
yeah
excellent use of the plexapi
!title 10
man
a lot of these are real
A movie about a renegade nudist vs
a hardboiled cop in the Pee Pee Police division
haha
why did we not have this idea sooner
i wrote a template script to generate new Fortress sequels
not as good as this
the corpus is the key!
im having it check if the title exists yet
!title
!title 10
!title 3
hahaha
Mom and Bullets
plot twist: Bullets is a dog
double plot twist: he's called that because he can operate a pistol
!title
does dalle save all the generated images indefinitely?
no, but i have to delete them manually lol
!title 5
!title
aw
!title 3
!title 5
!title 6
Napoleon is secretly a small god, but his charisma and ability to address a room makes him a great leader among his people
!title 6
one of those shows about a british aristocracy that's just a show about british aristocracy but everyone is very clear that they are on Planet Earth in the Sol solar system
a talk show hosted by barbarians faces conflict when one the writers gets pregnant!
!title 6
HahahAHaha
Terror Aka Breakdance 2
!title 6
Hey it's me, ur rift
A planet that has something for everyone
Gender bent star wars parody
haha
!fakemovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
hahaha
!markovmovie
hahahaha
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
hahahaha
!markovmovie
The description should be added to the image generator prompt instead of or in addition to the name
i will try that now
Olaf and eventual mass suicide, of course
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
hahaha
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
hahahaha
<@944799219099766875> makes markov-chain generated movies now

!markovmovie
!markovmovie
absolutely legendary commit messages 😄
many more lines
yes.
i'm very consistent
ok so
the `token` file is secret
so gitignore that
yes
I rsynced all the files over to my laptop before I knew it was a git repo
👍
!markovmovie
I'm cleaning and examining things before they go out into the world
but just for security things
hahahah we should make an imdb clone
of all fake movies
imdbutt
hahah yeah

!markovmovie

!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
This sounds like a legitimate sequel to Mortal Kombat Annihilation
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
thisbadmoviedoesnotexist
!markovmovie
hahahahaha
HAHAHA
it's a fuckin
cyberpunk cybersex gangland surrealism self-referential film

!markovmovie
!markovmovie
New favorite Christmas movie
hahaha
This is fantastic
I'm hitting the hay though
yep
cya
Okay just one more
!markovmovie
UFOs running from love but they'll never escape
load me up, judy
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie

hshshahaha
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
i made too many negative comments about the slot machine and won 200 dollars on them tonight using my free play from the casino lol
got one down the street i drive a man to and from all the time so you know i go in and use my free play
one of my favorite slot machine games is this cool like, ancient Egyptian themed thing
 it even yells "fortune of anubis has been bestowed upon you"  etc
i'm in Arizona so we got them in just about every town
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie

!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie

Search aftermath
Download aftermath
@here can I archive this channel and direct all bot-related discussion to <#979894864709824582> ?
* I'd like to and probably will unless there are objections
I was just in Vegas for a wedding
Seeing people dump into casinos is an interesting exercise given that I have no proclivity for gambling
Octopus eating dinner at a chinese restaurant
Yeah, I was there recently for a conference and felt the same
So many people glued to the machines and tables and I'm just like meh
Cartoon octopus eating dinner with chopsticks
Download fire of love 2022
I added some categories with probably confusing category names and reordered the text channels alphabetically
please let me know if you hate it OR LOVE IT IMMENSELY
if you have no opinion on the matter, say nothing
OR DON'T I'M NOT A COP
<@800126234297630740> is it a security issue to upload server-specific items like this?
No that’s fine
Coo
and worries about leaking paths like `subprocess.Popen(["/home/hd1/tetsuharu/bin/youdown", url], stdout=subprocess.PIPE)` ?
hahaha
```
if message.content.startswith("fix backend"):
        kill_backend()
```
fix?? oh, i thought you said kill!
We couldn't be us without you! 💚
<@800126234297630740> rowan can be our official Neurotypical mascot! For some reason, they make me feel safe when considering neurotypical people
I am not neurotypical I am unsure what gave you that impression
I have ADHD & also maybe autism idk my doctor ain’t sure and I don’t wanna be labeled with it bc it doesn’t seem beneficial sorry friend
Diagnosing autism in AFAB ppl seems damn near impossible tho all we know is I got a ton of stuff that typically only autistic people have and that’s where we are leaving it
Also is Tourette’s part of the neuroatypical thing or not idk what these categories mean anymore
oh I didn't know - my niece is also AFAB but the autism tells are very subtle
I live 10 minutes away from one the amount of times I’ve seen mostly older women but really everybody emptying their bank accounts on the 3rd of the month
Yeah I have an existential crisis about it once a month and realize it doesn’t matter
It’s astounding
it seems the sensory processing part is key, and also being benefitted by or self-discovery of things that are beneficial in autistic culture, like stimming, sensory overload protocols, personification differences
ppl with ADHD also struggle socially, have intrusive & obsessive & compulsive thoughts, have sensory disorders, stim, etc
yes!
So I’m like
I think it's some of the same brain areas
What’s the difference I cannot tell
I have read so many articles on how do you know if a woman has ADHD, Autism, or both? And none of them have been at all helpful
But I have pretty severe sensory issues & do the happy hand flapping stuff & somehow give people the signal that they should kiss me without intending to & hate when people break rules & am rigid etc etc
So idk and neither does anyone else it seems
it's astounding they didn't even do a lot of separate studies on AFAB people - just as they didn't do separate medical trials for purely physical things
AFAB medical research in general is dog shit I could go on about it for ages
94% of autistic women have PMDD (I do) and 1/3 of ppl with PMDD try to kill themselves & I had to diagnose myself with it and then my doctor confirmed it after 4 attempts
They basically have no good treatments for it
I don’t know what afab is!
Assigned female at birth
“All faggots are beautiful” was my first guess
(That sentence is funky I tried to kill myself 4 times the week before my period and 7 years later I diagnosed myself)
wow! Just like the AFAB alchemical practices - I didn't know about that
I've been physically male for a couple of lives now
Anyways! Some random girl on Instagram discovered that Pepcid (the heart burn med) treats PMDD
And I’ve been taking it like she recommends and it is absolutely life changing
And my doctors don’t know shit lmao they didn’t even discover it, I did 🥲
I think you've been AMAB for at least a couple of lives now
But yeah! Idk!
I might be on the spectrum I might not be! I don’t care!
Nothing good comes of the label anywho
it helps us have a little more equanimity dealing with those who have the inborn 'rulebook' 😂
Sorry to not be able to be the normal mascot though
oh, no problem!
Liam hasn’t been diagnosed with any neurological disorders
He can be your mascot
any poetry you write will qualify for our channel
https://devonprice.medium.com/seeking-an-autism-diagnosis-heres-why-you-might-want-to-rethink-that-530e79c272a0
I still don’t think diagnosis is a good thing unless you need the social benefits
ADHD is necessary for the stimulants which is necessary for me to exist
I know people confuse it with 'being slow' or some such thing
Yeah Liam is our token neurotypical
Can’t get visas to a bunch of countries if you’re autistic
They can petition to take away your rights to make decisions for yourself based on it
What the fuck why
New Zealand doesn’t allow it
Even super mild autism
Australia won’t give visas to autistic children
Wtf
interesting!
They did away with Asperger’s and autism so no way to designate
Some states if you’re autistic you have to retest for a driver’s license every two years
Dude australia is hella fucked up and people don’t know
Australia is still carrying out genocide
Luckily in the US bc our healthcare system is so garbage and fragmented it doesn’t matter
One doctor diagnosed you autism, never tell any other doctors, no one knows
That’s what I did with my bullshit bipolar DX
This is the only argument against universal healthcare that I can get behind
I don’t tell any of my doctors about it bc it’s an incorrect and dumb diagnosis
(For me personally)
It’s also the only one I can think of lmao
I got diagnosed with bipolar, but my psych is weird so I don’t think he tells anyone
So yeah we are interested in any and all neurodivergent poetry in this channel
Although now that I have this new rare disease all of my stuff is in all these hospital systems and they share it all
Not poetry about neurodivergence, but poetry that makes sense to neurodivergents
And oh ok sorry yeah I’m not good at channel topics I wrote one poem in a psych ward a million years ago but generally writing poems makes me feel inept so I do not
Yes we want that!
in other words, just make a verbal pattern
I’m actually even more interested in aphantastic poetry
Poetry being about imagery, it must be interesting
yes, that's different!
I didn't even know hyperphantasia was a thing
Oh ok
Let’s see let me pull out the old therapy journal and regale you with my horrible teenage poems
Never mind shelf too tall cannot reach
Fuck yeah I wanna hear it
it also seems that aphantasic people can experience visualizations in dreams - as you said, it's just like 'seeing it through your eyes'
these white walls
are black canvases
in their stillness
i don’t know how i got here
with these white walls
so austere

i look down at my scars
the walls fade
like constellations of stars
so Dan really it's the Tail End channel
There we go there’s the only teenage poem I remember
I probably wrote some other ones that were mostly just like:

dumb
dumb dumb 
dumb dumb dumb
i’m dumb
Any poem is fascinating for what the person was going through at the time, and neurodivergent people are going through things most people aren’t going through
Most of the poetry I’ve written was just the same word over and over for some reason sometimes with skipping letters or patterns in spacing mostly
Yes! Some can and some cannot
I have been having a lot of dreams and very vivid ones for me lately maybe it’s the Pepcid
The other night I had a dream I watched a YouTube video, and I think the night before that I had a dream too that was a lot of dreams
Sure yeah! Except for all the other neurodivergent people oooOoOooOh
I like neuroatypical more
My job is very into saying “differences” not “disabilities” and stuff but hm
I mean it’s cool I think my brain is the right brain but hm
Oh also it’s funny bc I noticed the other day I said “I’m just picturing in my head blah blah blah”
Idk why I say stuff like that bc I’m not
Well, rowan, we want to accept you here, and help you feel safe to say these things here
<@800126234297630740> right, isn't that a priority? I've been so bad at the interpersonal stuff before, I just want to say that this is an *interpersonally aware* autistic or neuro-nontypical space
Hahahaha it’s ok no worries you are doing just fine
oh good
we're not always aware of when we're doing fine
Everyone is doing fine and I am confused all the time
That is also fine & maybe everyone is confused all the time idk
You know neurotypical people also make scripts in their head to talk to people
That always gets me
Like my therapist said that none of the “autistic” things I do are that weird and it’s true like most ppl stim but I don’t know then what the hell are we talking about
oh yeh, you're right! I'm trying to remember - they just *know* some wrong things somehow, that they're expected to know
I don’t understand
😂 the things they know aren't even really true, right?
Thinking about this stuff gives me so much anxiety because I want to be good all the time and do good all the time but somehow maybe I can’t
I mean, they just instantly get some analogies
One time my boss told me to speak in a different way on the speaker phone and I didn’t understand
Because how can I speak differently this is my voice
oh! you're concerned about how they judge you?
And he said my tone of voice sounded like… rude but I didn’t mean it to sound rude and my coworkers said I was very articulate
Then I cried a lot
And my boss said sorry
I guess I have this thing called Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria real bad
https://www.additudemag.com/rejection-sensitive-dysphoria-and-adhd/#:~:text=Rejection%20sensitive%20dysphoria%20(RSD)%20is,high%20standards%20or%20others'%20expectations.
me too - it's devastated me
It’s a good article I cried a lot reading it bc I was like oh this is exactly it
it's why I still like to wear a mask out in public
Bc I don’t really care that much what people think and I don’t think of myself as that insecure or anything
yes, that's not it
But my day is ruined all the time by very slight perceived rejections or disappointments
I’m so sorry! It is very devastating I think if someone doesn’t have it, it is hard to explain
yes - it eats into dating, social interactions - ugh,
yes!
Yes it is very bad the other day liam wasn’t smiling in the car and I was like oh no he hates me
And I know that isn’t logical at all and not happening
Or like even when you “fail” in your own eyes
even the *perception* just makes you nonfunctional - but apparently, it's not the 'neurotypical' way
Like one time I swear I almost ended it all bc I burnt a pan of brownies I meant to bring to work
Yes it’s very bad!!!
I cry a lot all the time bc of it!! I literally had to leave work the other day bc my coworker said “I didn’t need to make a meeting to talk to him over video I could have just pinged him” and I got so upset because apparently I did it all wrong and I had to go home!!
Couldn’t stop crying!
right! So even, rowan, when I tell you that I think you look good, and even attractive, I know in the long run that won't make a difference to it
Maybe neurotypical thrive and grow on that? But with us...
It’s really dumb too because I guess bc of the not being neurotypical thing there’s a zillion more ways I can mess up
Maybe even ways I don’t even know exist
yes
So it’s even worse! How evil!
This article says there is a medication for it
Have you ever tried it? I want to talk to my doctor about it
with my niece I'm extremely careful to just not say much about her appearance, because I know how much it devastated me
RSD is the only part of my brain I would poof away
That is very kind! I guess it is nice bc it means sometimes you can be very sensitive to others and not hurt their feelings
But also trying to manage everyone’s feelings a lot is a lot
And if you have RSD & then the egocentrism of autism of thinking everyone thinks like you
Then the whole world is like walking on eggshells
At least that’s how it feels sometimes to me like
At any moment I could hurt someone in a big way so why even bother sometimes idk it’s a lot!
I don't know how neurotypical people manage other people's feelings, I can only do it through meditative techniques - identifying other people as if they were myself
I don’t know! I think they don’t! Or idk I think trying not to manage people’s feelings is good
I am trying not to do that so much
Because it is not my job and because even when I try my best I can still hurt people
And worrying like I do only made me appear to have agoraphobia which I don’t but I got diagnosed with
Literally dropped out of college bc of RSD lmao
But hey I finished it! Eventually!
<@627525982084923402> <@557419862826156042> the bot is fixed.

dicsord api token expired
download fire of love 2022
download apocalypse now
download apocalypse now 1979

download apocalypse ninja
download apocalypse cop
HSHSHAHAH
YES
<@857825851517304882> IT WORKED
download colour blind cop
download exploring maniac cop
download omega cop
made a list of movies that end in Cop ranked by imdb rating
```
6.0 Maniac Cop
5.9 Maniac Cop 2
5.9 A Cop
5.8 One Good Cop
5.8 Gangster Cop
5.7 The Rookie Cop
5.6 Siamese Cop
5.6 Shogun Cop
5.6 In the Line of Duty: A Cop for the Killing
5.5 Magnum Cop
5.4 Violent Cop
5.4 Scanner Cop
5.3 Lady Battle Cop
5.1 Scanner Cop II
5.1 One Tough Cop
5.1 Ghost Cop
5.0 Psycho Cop Returns
4.9 Yo-Yo Girl Cop
4.9 Maniac Cop 3: Badge of Silence
4.8 Another Chinese Cop
4.7 Top Cop
4.6 Samurai Cop
4.6 Border Cop
4.5 Ping Lacson: Super Cop
4.4 Psycho Cop
4.2 New York Cop
4.1 Keaton's Cop
4.1 Hollywood Cop
4.1 Cyborg Cop
4.0 Good Cop/Bad Cop
3.6 Cyborg Cop II
3.3 Cyborg Cop III
3.1 Zombie Cop
3.0 Vampire Cop
3.0 Gladiator Cop
2.9 Karate Cop
2.8 Omega Cop
2.2 Demon Cop
```
download
A Cop
One Good Cop
Gangster Cop
The Rookie Cop
Siamese Cop
Shogun Cop
Magnum Cop
Violent Cop
Lady Battle Cop
One Tough Cop
Ghost Cop
Psycho Cop Returns
Yo-Yo Girl Cop
Another Chinese Cop
Top Cop
Border Cop
Ping Lacson: Super Cop
Psycho Cop
New York Cop
Keaton's Cop
Good Cop/Bad Cop
Zombie Cop
Vampire Cop
Gladiator Cop
Karate Cop
Omega Cop
Download godfather part 3 coda
Download The Godfather part III Coda The Death of Michael Corleone
This Molly Brown lady looks like Elon Musk in a wig
Download gentlemen love blondes
download! shrek
can judy download anything
if she cant download shrek, theres something major wrong
download gentlemen prefer blondes
Download assassin cop
Download cia cop
Download spy cop
Download accounting cop
Download Buddha cop
Download ghost cop
Download priest cop
He’ll read you your Miranda rights right after he reads you the Lord’s Prayer
Download BitTorrent cop
Download stripper cop
Download hamster cop
Download gold cop
Download fairy cop
🧚‍♀️ 👮‍♀️
Download melancholy cop
Download evil cop
Download good cop
Download drunk cop
Download master cop
Download devil cop
Download alpha cop

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm4HUjunhQU
whenever I log into the main server and see the brilliant but messy hacking going on in the plex server, an image like this immediately comes to mind:
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/66/7f/20/667f205945d40ff4a7cd8189cded638a.jpg
above the bed is the directory called `stuff/`
the work surface is `yeahwhatever/`
<@800126234297630740> how and where does the JewD service run on the server? I think you showed me one time but I forgot
ah, it's just `python3 judy.py`
what is that? some neurofeedback device?
Download fire of love 2022
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
download beyond the call of duty 2016
i have no idea
Download The Godfather part 3 coda the death of Michael corleone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCyVuh9nVYE
related
do I need to get you a DJ deck
I have that crazy red beat pad of yours that you gave to Ted
Haven't even powered it on yet 😂
Download what's eating Gilbert grape
<@800126234297630740> can you test out markovmovie in the <#970747976794386432> channel instead of this one? I figure we could keep this channel for discussion and that one for testing bots
Whatchu think?
If that's cumbersome, I can just delete <#970747976794386432>


Ah fine sure
And I was just using it lol
Wanted to show somebody
!markovmovie
i'd watch that
Aut poetry about strip clubs
As is my station in life
> I went back to a strip club to talk to “Stephanie”, a Filipino woman with as much experience as I, and the interaction had an unusual barrier
Testing the barrier back and forth, presuming either her or my motivations, progress was stymied
I was able to experience the subtle eccentricities of inarticulate consent.
Crystal heart beating
no gif 😦
https://support.edifabric.com/hc/en-us/articles/6738567109277-EDI-vs-API
EDI vs API vs EDDI

<@&874406377982926889> somebody stream Nukie!
I'm at work and bored and please
I found some info on using stable diffusion to make cool gifs of similar images
download One Tough Cop
download Ghost Cop
download Yo-Yo Girl Cop
download Another Chinese Cop
download Top Cop
download Border Cop
download Ping Lacson: Super Cop
download New York Cop
download Keaton's Cop
download Good Cop/Bad Cop
download Zombie Cop
download Vampire Cop
download Gladiator Cop
download top cop 1990
download crop top cop
it would be kinda fun to have a movie-generator where we supply a movie title
like "!markovmovie Crop Top Cop"
and it comes up with a movie based on the title
What kind of algorithm do you think would do that?
Rastafarian vlad Putin
Well these days, a GAN, but we don’t have enough text
hmmm not what i had in mind but thank you
For markov I might do something simpler and lossy
Like a Poor Man’s GAN
A Bayesian filter or something lol
Rasta Putin with dreadlocks
Vladimir Putin with dreadlocks
Can we fast-flux discord channel groupings
Maybe have it spell out NUKIE in Morse code everybhourn

Sure! We can have that spell out secret messages too
Signal Integrity...

Electrical signals propagate at almost 300km per second 

The connections are weak and the transceivers are unreliable

Is it digital? Or analog? Probably both

Everything is analog at a short enough time scale -- or long enough


But responding too soon is as bad as responding too late.

SYN, SYN-ACK, ACK
Message not received; please retransmit
If only it were so simple.

Static seems to overpower most signals and I'm left alone on the noise floor

With a troublesome transmitter I will still broadcast

Do you copy?

Please respond
This is just describing online dating
I was describing troubleshooting the WiFi
Still not seeing how these two things are at all different
She got dat WEP-ass pussy, nahmsayin
Exactly
today my kidney hurts
so i can ignore my skin

only sent one smiley face
to my coworker this message

i'm supposed to work with
stephanie but she didn't message me
but i didn't message her
i'm not sure whose fault this is?

i spent a hour skimming research papers
i didn't really want to read
i don't know what i did today
or why

oh i guess i got a vegan double chocolate oreo milkshake
and a coke

So true
download Gunda
download ! Gunda
download! Gunda
Ur welcome

Hahahahaha
!markovmovie

https://gfycat.com/deadlyweeeidolonhelvum
I have no idea what this is from
But we need it
! markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
it's from Sharknado 4 https://m.imdb.com/title/tt4831420/mediaviewer/rm2854095616/
download sharknado 4
Excellent
https://twitter.com/TansuYegen/status/1569997915124539392
Do we have Fargo
Download the house of the spirits 1993
https://youtu.be/1mlBGGyf278
But what's up with these storm troopers
Rudy Giuliani not getting enough fiber in his diet
https://i.redd.it/traditional-marriage-according-to-the-bible-v0-0iyrhp28c0o91.jpg?auto=webp&s=3b58ecc1e70a608f280ec8d5ae92cae756a2f213
Babies know nothing at all
They only feel
They feel grass is a wasteful status symbol meant as a way to say "I am wealthy enough to own a piece of land and produce nothing useful on it"
Babies shun this grotesque display
wish i was at knobcon
That’s like ten times the amount that died in Iraq and Afghanistan
Do we have hell behind bars
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WJaxFbdjm8c
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2022/09/15/food-delivery-robot-confuses-lapd-at-crime-scene/10387511002/
Mushroom made of ham

We have these at work and they are so bad
Ham made of mushrooms
Actually living this presently
Thank you
 Don’t like takis
download hell behind bars
download Hell Behind the Bars 1984
Original title: Perverse oltre le sbarre

A woman murders her boyfriends and steals some diamonds he has smuggled
She gets found out though, and locked in a prison with an evil, sadistic bisexual warden
She immediately sets about planning her escape with some of her fellow inmates, but the plans are even more difficult than they seemed when set in motion.
download Perverse oltre le sbarre 1984
download Hell Behind the Bars 1984
download Hell Behind the Bars 1984






Download the handmaiden
Download the handmaiden
Why?
Why?
why?
why?
Why?
Why?
why?
why?


Damnit
Damnit
Bombed on the first try
Bombed on the first try
https://www.fast.ai/posts/part2-2022.html
https://www.fast.ai/posts/part2-2022.html
Gentleman otter in a 19th century portrait
Gentleman otter in a 19th century portrait
Pig covered in mushrooms
Pig covered in mushrooms
Ham soaked in rum
Ham soaked in rum
Rum ham
Rum ham
Download Barton Fink
Download Barton Fink
https://blog.bitmex.com/flashbots/
https://blog.bitmex.com/flashbots/
Bad Capitalism is actually what most people would think of as Good Capitalism
Bad Capitalism is actually what most people would think of as Good Capitalism
might as well be creepypasta
might as well be creepypasta
Download the galaxy being
Download the galaxy being
Download confess fletch 2022
Download Bridget and amon
Download rent a pal
Download watermelon man
I'm experimenting right now with mpeg-dash
https://www.theoplayer.com/blog/low-latency-chunked-cmaf
I want bodygenre moview to support two things that are kind of at odds with each other:
- High quality video on demand
- Low-latency synchronized viewing (watch parties)
I've been trying to come up with ways to use IPFS that don't involve NFTs and "web3" that leverage what it's actually good at
IPFS chunks files into fixed sizes already, and struggles with distributing big files quickly
so, something I'm thinking is to take like a big ol 4k mp4, and turn it into mpeg-dash chunks that are compatible

I think the 'woke' thing is interesting
What does it mean?
I think that the term originally came out of political correctness / identity politics, but I find that a lot of conservatives use it as like a racist euphemism for "black culture stuff"
or "liberal culture stuff:
All right, I'm ready, let's solve this problem!
so the problem is that people aren't all exactly alike?
I think people know that, but the way that conservatives mobilize their voting base is by convincing them that their values and way of life are actively under attack by an existential threat
that they are fighting a "culture war"
Welp, I'm halfway done with the fic
Now I'm stuck because I'm trying to figure out a good human name for Gingerclown
it actually surprised me to learn how many beings fear nonexistence
even nonphysical beings
There is an energy signature of voidness or nonexistence, which we can easily experience and cultivate because we have grounding as bodies in one of the physical planes - once you learn to wield that, even demons respect you
it honestly surprised me, I didn't realize how attached beings are to being beings 😂
- IPFS can be bridged to HTTP gateways and basically just work like regular DASH (one server streaming to many ephemeral clients for synchronized viewing)
- Clients with storage & an IPFS daemon can act as CDNs for the server when doing synchronized streaming
- The chunks can be pinned locally on clients with storage, so when they request to watch a video on demand, they just serve the chunks to themselves
so when we look at this 'woke,' thing, it's obviously a problem in the egregore, with respect to identity formation in the physical plane
well, the beings who are extremely attached to being beings sometimes get to keep being beings longer than the ones who don't
certainly - all of that clinging leads to the phenomena of ordinary experience
fic? fanfic?
Yeah
A fic about Gingerclown 3D
A movie not enough people know about
It's a horror comedy
if you incarnate as a physical being, it seems clear to me that your number one priority should be, as my teacher puts it, 'getting your earthly shit together.' What use are  things like the nondual light or the akasha if you're jobless, homeless, communityless, and powerless? Where is the meaning of establishing households, having children, managing resources - the things we're here to do as physical beings?
those problems aren't simple trivialities, they are the manifestations of primordial mind
https://docs.unified-streaming.com/faqs/cmaf/index.html
<@557419862826156042> can you tell me more? this woke thing with gender identity seems to be spreading
I must understand it
even though the "hierarchy" part has some issues, this reminds me of Maslow's hierarchy of needs
you really need the base layers taken care of before you can make use of the higher ones
levels of being aren't really hierarchies, that's just a way of talking about it
but there are priorities - we're incarnated physically, every bardo we discard our previous lives' personalities and possessions, so we have to relearn the qualities of physical states in this plane
I think part of this "culture war" and "wokeness" stuff is about convincing people that the base layers are under attack -- most of all their "community".
so the foundation can't be where we end - even if we live the perfect householder life, whatever our particular 'gender' or 'race' or appearance during a lifetime, and acquire everything our culture tells us we need to acquire, we still haven't 'won the game' and attained the keys to all realms
seems to go back to that fear of nonexistence, then
it's an illusion - even if they make your gender or race somehow go extinct, your substrate mindstream doesn't cease to exist
it eventually manifests physically
not even sure why that would be important though
I guess it's just the involuntary nature of the way they experience embodiment in the physical plane
like having involuntary nightmares
Idk - continued existence of one's "tribe" is baked into beingness really strongly
yes! Like being physically fit - we can only be 'physically fit,' in a defined way, not in every possible way of physical fitness
So our physical embodiments are path dependent
maybe our ideas of race, gender, and identity should be more informed by experiences of our primordial nondual nature
perhaps even emptiness, or the void, also - we shouldn't be limited by fears of nonexistence
We've never had a nondual culture before - but there's a first time for everything
how do you convince someone no to be afraid of nonexistence?
by experiencing it - we can do that
we can experience the formless realms
both existence and nonexistence are simply displays of the primordial nondual ground, which is your own original nature
I think we can do it more easily than most, and cultivate nonfearlessness of it, because we have physical realm bodies
We can project the experience of emptiness with particular ease through the eyes - that's why practitioners have to wear special eye-wear to block their gaze when they give feasts to the lower and demonic realms
you do too much emptiness, they can't even see you
https://www.damaruworks.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/jinpaDomraClose.jpg
emptiness arises from your primordial nature, which is the clear, uncreated light
The uncreated light, clear and alive - your own primordial nature, that is free from all mentally fabricated identities - is not to be found in the contents of your awareness, or in your thoughts, or feelings, or sensations, or in trying to sit still or achieve or do things

All of those arise and dissipate as your primal nature's display.
But it also isn't just empty black nothing or the absence of those things, because the voidness of absence also arise and disappears within it!
Rather, primordial freedom is that placelessness that you find when you try to locate that thing in your awareness which perceives and clings to all of those things - when you try to follow and feel where that clinging is located within the field of your awareness.
You have an advantage, because most of us human primates can visualize things, and we just get stuck there
But your primordial nature can be found when you look for where there is, and you find the the therelessness!
I think about these things too tbh the Buddhists got Mara right haha
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mara_(demon)
Bonus demon is to Google the demon in money Jesus talked about
 Since we’re in <#979882565659942934>
Mammon
as an anarchist, when I sought freedom both inner and outer, I had to ask myself, 'what does ultimate freedom look like externally, and where is it located?' Ultimate freedom is not having the right beliefs, or a certain racial or gender identity, or a certain class, or behaving a certain way
Ultimate freedom is telling other people to fuck off more or less
Unless they’re cool
ultimate freedom is not even clinging to the need to tell people to fuck off
It's actually the ultimate form of 'coolness,' because what is coolness?
True I suppose could just agree with whatever someone is saying and then walk away
No
It's resting in your already primordially free nature, which is liberated to magically display all things
'coolness' is being yourself - even if you're not capable of articulating the vastness and depth of power of who that self really is
Some people need to chill out for real though
we usually look, talk, and speak like human beings, but our bent is godhood
the universe is, after all, a machine for making gods
Jesus invited his followers to become like him
 Children of God
 You might be onto something
Was like the last passage in one of the gospels
he invited you to become 'christs' - meaning, he thought of himself as just the first of many
Basically yeah I think he said sons and daughters of God too though
same thing
Obviously, it became an object of Roman politics - and we have the toxic results in the dead ends of Protestant and Catholic Christianity
Agree
even in those poisonous sewers, saints arose - but it's difficult
I believe in a real God I suppose but they’re not like the orthodox traditions God is the creator of life etc
 A patient Lord
 We don’t know what divine patience is
there are many, many gods - 'gods' perhaps isn't a very good term
There's a divine continuum
the belief of monotheism, that only a single 'god' exists, devoted to aprticular ethnic tribe, was a form of malware
Hard to explain why but I think a “jealous” for lack of a better word God is possible
 I hate using that word though
Instead of jealousy though it’s like a longing to be reunited with the souls out ther
certainly - there's an entire realm of 'jealous' gods, they're called Asuras
let me find a quote from one of the texts
it's a realm you can visit yourself, you don't have to believe me or the texts
'he Great Calm-Observation by Zhiyi says:

Always desiring to be superior to others, having no patience for inferiors and belittling strangers; like a hawk, flying high above and looking down on others, and yet outwardly displaying justice, worship, wisdom, and faith — this is raising up the lowest order of good and walking the way of the Asuras.'
Nice
they're actually a lower order of being than the higher gods, which don't have such qualities of jealousy
In China they believe in a Lord of Heaven traditionally afaik
Like a singular guy
Sounds suspiciously Zoroastrian or something 😆 which influenced Judaism hmmm
right, the Confucianists wanted to assert an imperial control over the shamanists and Daoists who had independent access to divine beings
I have read the Tao many times probably my favorite book
that's why they forbade many independent forms of divination
it's a good one!
part of the problem with the texts produced in times when human beings were becoming 'civilized,' is that civilizations were much more interested in making you a slave or productive resource for them than in liberating you
we have to go a bit deeper than being civilized
It’s sad so many jewels of ancient China were lost to history
Book burning etc
Sadly a part of our nature
they could never burn our primordial nature - it's beyond the texts
Yes
The prophecy says even if Buddhism is destroyed someone else will figure out what the Buddha did
And it will be reborn
our primordial nature isnt simply 'emptiness' though - emptiness arises from it
<@269605233599053826> I'm curious, what is your own path or system of practice?
I like most religions for one reason or another but I’m Christian
I don’t really practice it with others at all
oh! I believe in all religions, but I haven't 'converted' to them all - no time for that
Religions are simply operating systems to help you navigate the inner realms
They're all man-made constructs and tools
people get very attached to them, it seems
Haha
Yeah usually if they’ve been around a while there’s a reason for it
they're like one of those paper cups - once you drink that cold water, and satisfy your thirst, don't be scared to throw it away
It fulfilled its purpose
everybody gets really scared of nonexistence
once you overcome that fear, even the big demons will respect you
spend a little time in the formless realms, the realms of neither perception or nonperception - just don't get addicted to them!
we have physical bodies to ground us, so we can do some pretty amazing things
You ever read Plato
of course - all the dialogs, as a teenager
Socrates theory of the forms got my brain chugging hard as a teenager
Platonism is very intellectual, a path of excessive clinging to mental fabrications
it won't lead you to primordial freedom
no belief or viewpoint, no matter how 'accurate,' will
Socrates was a great critic of the way other people think but yeah he’s the master of the method most others try too hard to mimic him
He was wrong about a few things too
I don’t believe a system of elites is the best path
Perhaps Sextus Empiricus grasped  Socrates' goal more accurately, when he used the simile of the painter, who had been trying for years to capture the form of reality in his painting
and finally achieved when he threw his painter's sponge at the wall in frustration
only by letting go, did he realize freedom
Socrates only wanted to be the midwife to our awakening, not to impregnate us with his own ideas
Yes
My professor that year was definitely what you might call that
remember the Symposium? I think we have more to learn from Diotima, than from Socrates
If Socrates teaches us, that's fine, but who were his teachers? The Pythoness and Diotima
Yeah true
I made sure to study the basis of Western culture more deeply than most, all of its philosophy and Christianity, materialism and scientism, so that I may overturn it
All of its poisons and fabrications must be liberated into their primordial nature
whenever we find human beings enmeshed in a stench, a fabrication, and a bondage, and we must offer the choice of liberation
my honest feeling? even if I can only liberate myself, I still have done a better job than your whole civilization, which is nothing but a system of ugliness and servitude to ugliness
I guess AI could be primordial you know
That’s a good word for describing the elements of creation
Is there a channel in this server that I can vent at?
https://images.pastchronicles.com/2021/07/e0e9beb8-untitled-design.png
<@800126234297630740> level night out receipts
of course
I would welcome venting on any channel, but would you like a more specific focus?
It's a bit more specific, like what just happened in my personal life
I just wanna say my piece and hopefully get some feedback kn what to do.
maybe <#968638104091111454> ? It's memes, but also meant to be more than that
personal vents have certainly had a place there
after all, in prison, we used to call chipped beef on toast 'shit on a shingle'
Is that some kind of local term from another country?
United States
All countries are simply mental fabrications
yeah the food in the ward had mold on it half the time and I still got fat somehow
probably from the pills
lol
hope you feel better Jimmy
Man, just had somewhat of a verbal fight with my birth grandpa
Apparently he finds recycling certain things in the blue bin and throwing out the garbage and food in the left and right bag in the kitchen
He was also being a total dick about it by saying that he doesn't want to be involved in it despite the fact that this guy is STAYING HERE FOR FOUR MONTHS FOR SOME UNCLEAR REASON
Geesh...
Thanks man
It's just that my birth grandpa put me in a bad mood because he really didn't want to throw out certain things in the recycling bin and was being very rude and disrespectful about it
He's only staying here for like four months at best but still...
no worries, that's a worthy problem to talk about!
damn you just reminded me i have a jar of used terpentine i gotta do something with since i'm moving
 was like a spaghetti jar or something with a good seal
feel free to tell us more
yeah
i bought a disposable vape since I'm quitting smoking and i felt pretty bad when i threw away this beautiful, inner plastic and metal, outer rubberish material thing that lasted me like a week
should let me refill it and recharge it it was beautiful tbh
Like this guy doesn't actually live here, he just comes and goes! I don't even know why he shows up year-to-year! Like wtf? Also, sorting out the trash actually helps out with the Earth and its longevity but no, this guy just wants to blow me off by saying that it's "stupid and ridiculous" and also told me to not "bother him with this bullshit"
Like, geez man, talk about being completely uncaring and disrespectful smh....
oh yeah that would annoy the crap out of me
the environment would have been a lot nicer when he was young you know
i ate swordfish once it was amazing
 would not eat it again
 full of mercury
ate it like 20 years ago or something

the oceans are "full of mercury" as Marvin Gaye said
or did he say fish?  i forget
Yikes! And this is why someone like him should DEFINITELY focus on the environment, but no, this guy just wants to channel his inner Baby Boomer and basically say "fuck off with that"

Pretty sure that the Baby Boomers was the generation that was just uncaring about how to recycle well so that it can properly decompose.
it's not an age thing it's a mentality thing
there's people your age who are the same way
Actually, yeah, you're right about that.
my dad does his best with progressive ideas that roll his way he's 72
but yeah there's other things that annoy me like when he does his Indian accent lmao
 come on pops
 we don't do that anymore
i think the accent gives him a sense of joy I don't understand and he doesn't get why it's not cool to imitate it lol
he had a lot of Indian co workers so he has stories i guess
the US gov was contracting a shit load of Indian IT workers before he retired I don't know if it's that way now but they were needed to fill the demand
Yeah that can happen if one's losing touch with what's happening around them


My birth grandpa said that he was willing to work with me but blows me off regarding this issue, like making sure that things decompose in the right spots so there wouldn't be any problem with the Earth later on.
best doctor I ever had was Indian so I hate the soft racist shit tbh
If there's one thing I can't stand it's racism.
older people like lording over younger people sometimes and when it's reactionary its very annoying
but yeah it's not a boomer thing I think
the far right has surged tremendously in my country and they're just..
weird
the far left can be weirder but it's not as acceptable 😄
LMAO Right 😃!!
i have heard the Chinese internet users even call them "white leftists" gaozong or something I forget what the term is
baizuo i was way off lol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baizuo
we were talking about the demons earlier who are like the Baizuo haha
I guess that term perfectly sums up the far left and right lol.
its an interesting term
i don't know what they call the far right
but yeah the middle needs to be environmentalist at this point I mean holy shit did you hear about what happened in Pakistan the whole fucking country flooded just about
its good that a non-harmony with the environment is pushed to the extremes I guess
It could still he applied to both sides either way.
Really?! When did that happen?
it's more a term applying to leftists
it is a recent thing
the floods in Pakistan
maybe started a month ago?  i'm not sure
worth looking into it is really really bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmygn5b9Buw
Geez man..
I'm gonna watch it tomorrow morning though since rn I'm feeling kinda sleepy.

sheeeit that sounds like the perfect opportunity to drop the "my house, my rules" UNO reverse card
wow that Ratatouille sequel lookin DARK
All I have learned so far is that ffmpeg is powerful, but insanely complex and not that great unless you know all its incantations
ffmpeg -re -i ./input/bbb_sunflower_1080p_30fps_normal.mp4 -map 0 -map 0 -c:a libfdk_aac -c:v libx264 \
 14 -b✌️0 800k -b✌️1 300k -s✌️1 320x170 -profile✌️1 baseline \
 15 -profile✌️0 main -bf 1 -keyint_min 120 -g 120 -sc_threshold 0 \
 16 -b_strategy 0 -ar🅰️1 22050 -use_timeline 1 -use_template 1 \
 17 -window_size 5 -adaptation_sets "id=0,streams=v id=1,streams=a" \
 18 -f dash ./dash-out/bbb.mpd
```
ffmpeg -re -i ./input/bbb_sunflower_1080p_30fps_normal.mp4 -map 0 -map 0 -c:a libfdk_aac -c:v libx264 \
 14 -b:v:0 800k -b:v:1 300k -s:v:1 320x170 -profile:v:1 baseline \
 15 -profile:v:0 main -bf 1 -keyint_min 120 -g 120 -sc_threshold 0 \
 16 -b_strategy 0 -ar:a:1 22050 -use_timeline 1 -use_template 1 \
 17 -window_size 5 -adaptation_sets "id=0,streams=v id=1,streams=a" \
 18 -f dash ./dash-out/bbb.mpd
```
I spent several hours learning what those different flags were -- since ffmpeg is actually a collection of libraries, they aren't even all documented in the same place
the good news is that Unified Streaming seems to give away a lot of their code and they also do what I am looking to do
they call it dynamic and static packaging

https://www.idrlabs.com/dark-core-faces/test.php
Can’t tell what people are thinking but can spot evil I guess I’ll take it
Also interesting bc so far scored highest of anyone in the chat that posted it which I would not expect

wow, apparently I'm not able to ID dark traits in men as well as women
I wonder what that means
Everyone in my other group chat also could not identify as well in males
So I’m not sure! But it seems the average person can identify more in males
WHO ARE THESE AVERAGE PEOPLE?! I HAVE NEVER MET AN AVERAGE PERSON EVER
<@557530348821545000> no one else is being a bardo with me
I summon thee
Hahaha
I only learned enough ffmpeg to stitch together a bunch of little videos into one big video.
As you say, it’s a bitch.
Also… what’s a Bardo?
/topic
Bardo is an intermediate, transitional, or liminal state between death and rebirth -- just like programming
We do not create computation, but rather invoke it from the luminiferous, entropic aether
Discuss  programming and code here, but try to keep test output to <#970747976794386432>.
https://github.com/bodygenre/
judge judy as judge dread
judge judy as judge dredd
judge dredd
Judge Dredd Judge Judy
Judge Dredd Judge Judy
Judge Dredd Judge Judy
Judge Dredd Judge Judy
Judge Dredd Judge Judy
Judge Dredd Judge Judy
Judge Dredd Judge Judy

Download Robocop 1987

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OmR0ypCyOU
Download hunter x hunter
https://twitter.com/jonty/status/1571615998335123457
ꙮ
ꙮ
ꙮ
I absolutely love that there's a unicode character with a single documented use, and it wasn't even correct.

Who wants ꙮ stickers
Limited edition, until my computer updates to Unicode 15
I absolutely love that there's a unicode character with a single documented use, and it wasn't even correct.

Who wants ꙮ stickers
Limited edition, until my computer updates to Unicode 15
Biblically accurate Unicode
https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/09/artists-begin-selling-ai-generated-artwork-on-stock-photography-websites/
AI is also a fun new cybersecurity attack surface: https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/09/twitter-pranksters-derail-gpt-3-bot-with-newly-discovered-prompt-injection-hack/
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/3528674/
download Rick and Morty S6E2
Download Rick and Morty S6E2
Judy you cunt
Download Rick and Morty s06e02
<@557418245708316674> ^
Wtf
Thanks
Download Rick and Morty s06e03
why didn't they remove the fur? I'm sure rat flesh is delicious - pretty sure fur isn't

I seem to pretty good with males, females are an enemy-detection weak-spot
<@636681296457891862> <@557419862826156042> another datum for you both
no wonder I enjoy female company - I can't detect that they're plotting against me very well!
the weird thing is, I've always felt safer with male sexual/romantic partners than with females
Maybe because I can vet them so well? 😂 😂
Maybe!
For whatever reason I’m finding it unnerving that no one is scoring higher than me
Is this because I love true crime what caused this
<@941028993975603200> got 100% male, 63% female
Nice
I suppose they just wanted more protein and calories.

if you choose randomly, you would get 50%, right?
and if you get less than 50%, it would mean you are more wrong than the default case, so you misattribute things as non-dark that are actually dark
it would be nice to see false-positives and false-negatives
My Results!  👍 🤗

holy shit 100%
🤷‍♀️
<@941028993975603200> you are an oracle of male dark-personality traits
please tell me
am I a sociopath?
also, curious that I'm the only male she ever let get close to her!
I guess I am
 I'm deciding if that's good or bad...kinda leading towards a bad thing
 Honestly, I feel bad for <@724882617719193661>...😬
I told you it wouldn't be easy...I knew I'd be a tough nut to crack.
I don't think so
 What do you think?
I guess I'd have to meet you in person though.
Yeah I think still photos are harder but
Did you find the process difficult at all? Did you “think” much doing it? I found it quite easy & straight forward but seems others were very analytical
At first I did stare at each pic a bit then I decided well look at both pic & decide who looks the nicest
 Whoever I decided looked like they had nice/kind/pleasant expression I chose the other pic as my answer to each question.
Oh ok!
That’s interesting
I just picked the mugshots
Yes, that's a good way to look at it too.
I was like… drowned the baby, school shooter, etc etc
Mugshots all the way 🤣
I wonder if picking the nice person is easier hm
Well I decided who was nice then pick the opposite person as my answer
 I guess it's easier for me to spot niceness.
<@800126234297630740> , how do I add a show to the tracker? Is radarr even running on the server?
interesting that you trust me so much!
Should I be worried <@724882617719193661>?
I am what I am
We are what we are...take it or leave it 🤷‍♀️.
I think we're all complicated in our own unique way.
yes
download the blood of heroes
Judy noooooo
Sonarr
https://bodygen.re:8081/public/index.html

That's for http://tetsuharu.ap6r0.bysh.me/sonarr
Daggit
Restarting sonar
Kk
Thanks 🙏
https://www.reddit.com/r/shitposting/comments/xisy2a/why_he_stuck_there/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb
No gods no kings all roof fish
https://preview.redd.it/5xyzpi925yo91.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=1e5eb9da82911ef17ef4f72ab519a990831a2fa3
We eat crabs, lobster, and crawfish..
Idk why we are so grossed out by eating rats, squirrels, and pigeons
I bet it's possible to make it taste awesome
Same goes for terrestrial bugs

If you all had to give this made up person a name, what would it be?
Youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKRjlSprMhE
Dude… what’s the point? What’s to sell?
Humbert Stephanie
more like the Mercury Revolution amirit
"total anarchy" seems like an oxymoron
Download Doctor Zhivago

i’m starting a new med for brain differences stuff and i’m really excited! guanfacine — it’s for rejection sensitive dysphoria and is more recently being studied in combination with methylphenidate
https://www.clinicaladvisor.com/home/topics/pediatrics-information-center/adhd-combination-treatment-addresses-memory-deficits-better-than-monotherapy/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=NWLTR_CAD_UPDT_083022_JM&hmEmail=VINZzAqUx1PBqdhU0hXqNcRkUzhWpR7eV5FZjvJxues%3D&sha256email=56d1877c1ab86d34dc14a0ea9855cbd9fbb0f9208a228c339c27bd84e165e4b5&hmSubId=&NID=1588856504
just in case anyone else has a psychiatrist who will just experiment with them
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/cooking-chicken-nyquil-dangerous-fda-says-video-tiktok-rcna48608
I agree with the bugs comment- they need to be seasoned and cooked
Eating a crawfish live would be just as odd as eating a giant grub live.
Rats, squirrels and pigeons are too gamey and probably harbor disease
If we bred them to be eaten and raised them on farms they’d prob be ok, but they’d take as much work and land or more as larger animals, and slightly less food, so it’s not really worth it.
What is a promise, but an open threat?
my mom saying she wont be mad if i tell her the truth
Download confess fletch 2022
https://youtu.be/31jDgwAuIv8
I like how he laughs about nefrotoxicity
Giggle
Check status confess fletch


Do we have contact
Download contact 1997
Status contact


Sir Humphry
I've been watching Cyberpunk 2077: Edgerunners on Netflix, and while the English voice acting isn't perfect, the gore and cyberbooty fan service is fantastic.

I hate this, thanks
<@703737145189466163> sent it to me lol

still funny
im so great
<@800126234297630740> would make a good netrunner
Cyberpunk Edgerunners
Download Hearts of Darkness a filmmakers nightmare
Download hearts of darkness a filmmakers apocalypse
Download titane
Download devilman crybaby


Vegetable oils are apparently <#1014908626709778452>: https://youtu.be/rQmqVVmMB3k
I haven't fact checked any of it but it makes the point that saturated fats aren't really correlated to heart disease and that unsaturated fats which oxidize more readily are associated with disrupted mitochondrial function, Alzheimer's, and earlier death
There’s a great episode of Revisionist History about this subject I highly recommend.
That episode is referenced in this video
(Malcom Gladwell podcast)
Oh haha alright then
I think a valid generalization of nutrition is that industrially processed ingredients are not good for humans


Depends on the context
The humans that own the processing and ultimately profit from them- 
Industrially processed ingredients are *very* good for *those* humans


Allows them to but non-gmo organic food from WholeFoods
https://www.engadget.com/nvidia-ai-model-get3d-virtual-worlds-objects-130021127.html

so they admit they were in the shadows
This is dope! Repost it in <#979894864709824582> (unless this is an entryway to discussing in-game NFTs)
A perfect circle.
Most of this is fear mongering but yeah I mean drinking large amounts of vegetable oil would be bad
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1022637911847485551/unknown.png


lineage tree of the gurus
Bad movie tonight!
Movie options:
- Demolition Highway
- Femalien
- Shootfighter: Fight to the Death
- Force: Five
Changed my mind already
New movie options:
1
The Necro Files
2
The Dolphin (El Boto)

'Nature being the Universe, is one, and its origin can only be one eternal Unity
It is an organism in which all natural things harmonise and sympathise with each other
It is the Macrocosm
Everything is the product of one universal creative effort ; the Macrocosm and man (the Microcosm) are one
They are one constellation, one influence, one breath, one harmony, one time, one metal, one fruit.'
~ Paracelsus, *Philosophia ad Athenienses*
oh ok no movie
television!
- Airworld
- Amazing Stories
- Alien Nation
- Auto B
Good
- Automan
- Brass Eye
- The Cape
- Charmed
- Comrade Detective
- The Crew
- Danger 5
- Earth: Final Conflict
- Garth Marenghi's Darkplace
- Gary Busey Pet Judge
- Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense
- Highlander
- Inhumans
- Jim Henson's The Storyteller
- Knight Rider
- Night Court
- NightMan
- Obi-Wan Kenobi
- The Odyssey
- The Outer Limits
- Time Trax
- Zoo
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/0Vujw/https:%2F%2F1.eu.synclounge.tv
nvm we're watching OBI-WAN KENOBI
<@232739995960475648> with THE OLD BURNT COOKIES AND THE MAC AND THE CHEESE
I made a new collection for "Bad TV"
https://youtu.be/7Y3jRaUGg-A
"there's snakes in space?"

"There's literally everything in space!"
I am watching Prometheus for the first time
It's pretty bad
Oh God the lack of variadic generics makes me want to frolic!
https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/17190#issuecomment-71330815
I was working out of Black Hat Rust last night and learned this fun new concept
Actually, it's prime Aut Haus
Ridley Scott has a lot of enthusiasm but doesn't understand how humans work
https://youtu.be/-x1YuvUQFJ0
A circular matrix
https://youtu.be/BvnLFCjG9b8
Download rise of the fellowship
Status fellowship
Download on the shoulders of giants
Download Child’s play 2019
https://youtu.be/OqsPF8dx1GU

The Other "Other" White Meat

Grubs like these are wild..
Like their only defense mechanisms are 

1) Hiding
2) Panic Pooping
Then they turn into these majestic armored beetle beasts

They absolutely are pokemon
I gotta start farming insects and worms
These things are amazing
Human food, animal feed, composter, soil aerator..
These fuckers are doooope
I’m more of an oyster mushroom kinda guy but you do you homie
Oyster mushrooms are awesome too, but they take a long time to grow, and only grow in relatively expensive hardwoods
They grow in sponges and are sold for $9/lb

Sponges you say....
Not contraceptive sponges (that I know of)
I don't even know what a contraceptive sponge is
That's probably some pretty <#1014908626709778452>



Broh that haircut is straight up a higher  order polynomial than he asked for! What's next? X^3??
@here
https://meet.jit.si/RustyCatgirlUwuDiscordJudyHacks
I'm working on JewD-2D
come hang and code
https://github.com/bodygenre
https://discord.com/developers/teams/1021245523623153684/information


Can it detect utterances yet?
it cannot do anything yet
Hi! I'm Judy-2D
I'm a hooty-tooty disco cutie!
YAY
!dj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqNl5IPtbU0
okay, I have grasped some basics like a fistful of dollars
what are you thinking wrt detecting utterances?
The
The discord-rs crate interacts with the Discord WebSockets API and can receive audio: https://github.com/SpaceManiac/discord-rs/blob/73a5fa6049355d12bd8e637d281d7b84aa74316e/src/voice.rs#L62
speaking_update(...) is pretty much "detecting utterances"
I'm going to take a break and get some dinner
My next task is going to be some documentation / making issues on Github
I want to describe what Judy.py currently does and start to break out the functionality into  separate functions
I also want to put Judy in a container to make deployment mo better
Download Eraserhead
Download Shawshank Redemption



I’ve always wanted an audio chatbot
I guess I can learn rust if there’s a chatbot being made in it

excellent
they should redo The Thing
anybody wanna play games?

crazy coding idea:
ROS for ghost hunting
have they made a ROS in rust yet?
ROSt?
<@724882617719193661> project idea:
Spaced repetition memory implemented through Google Calendar events
Seems like it would be good to know when a download has completed and we can find the file in Plex
Any reasons not to do this?
We did, by the torrent app api broke
I tried fixing it today
Ahead of the curve.
I had 2 features like this:
- Judy posts when torrents complete in <#944851560981225512> 
- at the end of the day, Judy posts a summary of all new content
The Thing, but it's a high school sex coming of age movie toi
The Food and Drug Administration approves this chair
Is it food? Is it a drug?
Robot operating system?
Yes
For ghost hunting
Stream all the audio and analyze it for evp’s in real time
Maybe have it trigger a door to open or close
Light a candle or drop salt
Like a ROV for supernatural exploration
I want Judy to be a collection of plugins that are language agnostic
We can do that?
Whatever feature is built has a way to register the new command with the main thread and then go off and be its own process in whatever language it wants
MiCrOsErViCeS
https://pyo3.rs/latest/python_from_rust.html
GUYS LOOK I GOT FREE DIRT FROM THE GOVERNMENT
That there's 30 gallons!
Oh nice I’ve picked up free compost before
I always underestimate how much dirt I need for things
Spatial estimating is so hard
I went back and they let me have some more
This season's hot new look: dirt leggings and glow-in-the-dark toenails
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long-term_nuclear_waste_warning_messages
'The designs suggested included:

Landscape of Thorns
A mass of many irregularly-sized spikes protruding from the ground in all directions.
Spike Field
A series of extremely large spikes emerging from the ground at different angles.
Spikes Bursting Through Grid
A large square grid pattern across the site, through which large spikes protrude at various angles.
Menacing Earthworks
Large mounds of earth shaped like lightning bolts, emanating from the edges of a square site
The shapes would be strikingly visible from the air, or from artificial hills constructed around the site.
Black Hole
An enormous slab of basalt or black-dyed concrete, rendering the land uninhabitable and unfarmable.
Rubble Landscape
A large square-shaped pile of dynamited rock, which over time would still appear anomalous and give a sense of something having been destroyed.
Forbidding Blocks
A network of hundreds of house-sized stone blocks, dyed black and arranged in an irregular square grid, suggesting a network of "streets" which feel ominous and lead nowhere
The blocks are intended to make a large area entirely unsuitable for farming or other future use.'
Look at this absolute cutie y’all
'Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy! Holy!
The world is holy! The soul is holy! The skin is holy! The nose is holy! The tongue and cock and hand and asshole holy!
Everything is holy! everybody’s holy! everywhere is holy! everyday is in eternity! Everyman’s an angel!
The bum’s as holy as the seraphim! the madman is holy as you my soul are holy!
The typewriter is holy the poem is holy the voice is holy the hearers are holy the ecstasy is holy!
Holy Peter holy Allen holy Solomon holy Lucien holy Kerouac holy Huncke holy Burroughs holy Cassady holy the unknown buggered and suffering beggars holy the hideous human angels!
Holy my mother in the insane asylum! Holy the cocks of the grandfathers of Kansas!
Holy the groaning saxophone! Holy the bop apocalypse! Holy the jazzbands marijuana hipsters peace peyote pipes & drums!
Holy the solitudes of skyscrapers and pavements! Holy the cafeterias filled with the millions! Holy the mysterious rivers of tears under the streets!
Holy the lone juggernaut! Holy the vast lamb of the middleclass! Holy the crazy shepherds of rebellion! Who digs Los Angeles IS Los Angeles!
Holy New York Holy San Francisco Holy Peoria & Seattle Holy Paris Holy Tangiers Holy Moscow Holy Istanbul!
Holy time in eternity holy eternity in time holy the clocks in space holy the fourth dimension holy the fifth International holy the Angel in Moloch!
Holy the sea holy the desert holy the railroad holy the locomotive holy the visions holy the hallucinations holy the miracles holy the eyeball holy the abyss!
Holy forgiveness! mercy! charity! faith! Holy! Ours! bodies! suffering! magnanimity!
Holy the supernatural extra brilliant intelligent kindness of the soul!
*Berkeley 1955*'
~ Allen Ginsberg, 'Footnote to Howl'
https://youtu.be/fjegMUpue10
<@151994782246240257> bought this and now adores it
Hooty tooty disco cutie
All of these ideas end up creating spooky liminal spaces that future teenagers are going to dare their friends to explore
I think they need something like the (former) Georgia guidestones mixed with Voyager's golden record that can bootstrap the information from first principles

The CICI track is like “get fucked dude”
<@452906813558489100> how u doing
Many of my pals are freaking out and evacuating

Oh I guess the forecast got worse
Hahahaha
I wanna watch the cranes from my apartment
If my brand new building can’t survive a cat 3 idk what to say dude
Jk apparently spaghetti models suck don’t look at that
Star Wars 🤗
He built Star Wars Galaxy Edge in Disney! So it’s his project team shirt
that forearm meat looks mighty tender! I wonder if it's marbled
Like wagyu forearms
Yes very marbled
i want one, but im afraid ill be tempted to put it down the wrong hole
Weather forecasting in general is some chaos theory witchcraft divination, but with supercomputers
well
No such thing as a wrong hole with a penis bong
it doesnt say they approved it
it just has the logo
"safer technologies program"
dang
you got me there

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFCGlClSpNI
hahaha what
This is great
I imagine this being read at a pulpit and the congregation all yells "HOLY" when the orator does
download the whale 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOKSCrVvIn0
This is the original
you fricks
whys he wearing a mario backpack if he's such a sonic fan
that room has amazing acoustics
it's funny that the medium of reaction videos focuses on emotional reactions to external stimuli, and children have the most absurd reactions of all
Download blade of honor
I started using the plex server with my new chromecast, the kind with a remote and a bunch of apps installed
Tubi is free and has a lot of great b-movies
I'm starting to see that the choice to use Plex over other streaming services is different
and my immediate goal of replacing other streaming services with Plex isn't that appealing in context
so
@everyone how do we feel about making the plex server have more catered content? rotate it around and have a niche we will that isn't available from other streaming services?
I like the idea
What kind of niche are you thinking?
Does this mean less *un*-catered content?
I think so
Our HDD is full and we are trying to figure out how to prioritize removing content
I actually really like having a general purpose movie getter, I may just need to get my own dedi
My job fucking overpaid me $10k and now I have to tell them and give it back some how
I am highly annoyed
Don't spend it but don't say anything and see how long it takes them to come looking for it
I already told my work friends
So I think idk
Liam says it’s bad optics not to say something
yes!
yeah, he's right
Hi! I'm Judy-2D
I'm a hooty-tooty disco cutie!









Agh discord has a meh wave, have a bun instead


BUN BUN
@here: <@220688003104899072> is a cybersecurity professional who I met through a gardening meetup
She's super cool, makes awesome artwork, and is looking to hone her software skillz
Welcome!
: p Yah! Mostly getting rid of some bad habits when no one scrutinizes your commits, also making repo instructions  _idiot proof_, and spreading the love of bunnies
Wait like we have no more space for more movies on Plex :0!?
I didn’t think the day would come so soon….
Well, there's always a way to throw more money at a thing to prop up an existing solution
But we should entertain other solutions
I like the idea that bodygen.re have a theme or motif
One of my favorite local graffiti tags
http://museumofbadart.org/

one of the things I value about this community's treatment of "bad" things is the encouragement to think and feel about them with alternate ways of knowing
To more deeply contemplate the work, ourselves, and the universe
for me, it's less about the content, but more about the process applied to it
but I don't know if/how that helps us determine what movies to delete from the server








thats funny but painting is very difficult so I get it
 looks like a student
not sure why you'd have them paint a live model
painting 1 for me was all still lifes felt like
We could increase to 64g
I think
I have no idea
But I would start asking for $$$
I think we could probably all donate a bit.
What size are we at nowv
now?*
But I understand this point too.
Depending who’s got the bombast internet connection, we could stream from a home instead of the Netherlands
I’ve got google fiber atm
I usually do this, but usually it’s warranted in some way I didn’t expect
It’s good to say something
But then it’s awkward that I’ve devalued myself
Technically good for negotiation, caputalistialically
I like GitHub notices in this channel
It implies we write software
It would be kind of funny to write an application specifically for managing content on a plex server with a discord community
As if we want other people to do this exact thing
If you don’t, eventually someone else will
 I call that the “Lazy law of Open Sores”.
Someone in the world, there is another Dan Lewis thinking the same thing
Hahah
Looks like there is a coworker of mine that does ML/Ai stuffs
I got Xfinity residential
I've been thinking about how to P2P this stuff better but I don't have a solution implemented yet
I'm down to throw down some $ (or on the case of our server, €)
This is our current plan:
I don't think I want to do the "little money from lots of people" model
Instead, I propose that we have one person "sponsor" the server each month and be celebrated as "BodyGenerator of the month"
We could have an auction in <#979882565659942934> and instead of an NFT, give the winner an MFP (money-for-picture)
We don't write software
Only markdown docs and CI pipelines
I wrote CONTRIBUTING.md to basically say "use this code if you want, but this is meant just for bodygen.re
we'll only approve a PR if we know you"
The thing that I'm really interested in making is a smallish-scale video-on-demand and IPTV system with a discord interface -- but the VOD and IPTV use the same files and are peered
If we can add shared media controls to the IPTV, we have basically made it into a synchronized party-watch stream
If the files are peered, you can distribute them for people to download in advance so when the IPTV's m3u says "play this segment", they can either say "hey I have that already" and play it from local storage, "gimme that piece from a peer", or "hey I have this piece so let me give it to someone else"
The IPTV communities have already figured out scheduling / calendars with "electronic program guide" software
<@800126234297630740> did it download what killed the whale properly?
I think there's some issue with downloads between where Jackett gets the torrent and deluge downloads it
Thinking I need to finish Horizon forbidden west and Elden ring first
Yeah I had the same issue with confess fletch
I downloaded it twice but it’s never completing/loading to the plex
Big boobs Billy bob thorton
Filebot might not be running again
i assume this involves ipfs somehow
but it would be pretty funny to complete it
so i'm in
BODYGENERATOR LOL
bytesized also supports 'flexdisks'
https://bytesized-hosting.com/pages/flexdisk
it's $120 per 20tb
its network-attached storage, so i think theres no limit
Is filebot its own thing or a part of one of those seedbox apps
maybe
They don't want you to use flexdisks for torrent seeding or any high random io operations I think
yeah
download to the local disk, then copy to flexdisk after enough seeding
Yees
but it cant be used with my dedi box
if we want more space i kinda want to consider setting up our own server
not sure what it would cost to have 100tb
but it sounds nice
I'm in the process of learning how to set up a kubernetes cluster with rook/ceph as a storage backend
Then, if you had a cluster and I had a cluster, we could put them on the same virtual network
(via wire guard?
Won't that take something on the order of months or years to finish? 😂
Weeeee
Lol I had to look at a speed run admittedly… I’m not OP but definitely I can move way faster
The most important part about this is the fashion souls aspect…
that sounds fun

Whatcha think
Fashion souls
fashion souls eh?
<@220688003104899072>
Fashionable souls
Soul fashion
The only reason to continue!
Yup yup, I went out of my way to get one specific hood in game
I still think the default hunter outfit for bloodborne is my fav though
Ai… what are you trying to tell me ._.
Baseball is life!

Hey <@246787598092075011>
@here <@246787598092075011> is another fellow gardener, a programmer, and an all around cool dude! Welcome!

https://youtu.be/hXWj5BK7evM
https://missionfoodservice.com/Recipes/RecipeDetails?name=Spaghetti+%26amp%3B+Meatball+Burrito
https://missionfoodscontent.imgix.net/images/recipe/2090.jpg?w=600
: sus :
Lofi
City
Retro wave
Download spaghetti man 2016
https://www.focusonthefamily.com/marriage/understand-how-a-womans-brain-is-like-spaghetti/
Finally, an explanation
Of how womens brains are food
<#1014908626709778452>
> As Joan is exploring this conversation, Dan is getting lost
He has no idea what the budget at the university has to do with their daughter’s soccer game and their need to have a friendship with the Johnsons
He admires her ability to connect seemingly unrelated thoughts, but he just can’t seem to understand how she does it.
I’ve never read anything from focusonthefamily before
It’s like bad psychology
They’re describing ADHD
And they may accidentally convince a lot of women to avoid seeking a diagnosis
And I guess even more important is that they’re telling people that all women are one way and all men are another way
Scientists really avoid making those kinds of assertions.
Can we get an HD HDD?
No, but we can get an ADHD HDD
Don't try and force me into getting a diagnosis, okay?
You are a man so your brain is like a waffle
🧇
I have never heard of this but it sounds like it sucks butt and that is very unfortunate
https://www.huffpost.com/entry/science-says-men-and-women-arent-really-wired-differently_n_565f096ee4b072e9d1c42d06?ncid=fcbklnkushpmg00000063&fbclid=IwAR16requXYyo4x_3zq1V-yIdiBc6rSfxBSfFH5yFSyKY8edAhKIg0n7sRJw also I think the waffle & spaghetti thing is debunked
Download bodies bodies bodies 2022
I can’t say it’s from focusonthefamily, but I have heard that adhd is underreported in women
It’s diagnosed 4:1 , apparently
Leads me to wonder, if adhd is considered “womanliness” in general, then the small population of women who have adhd are disproportionately represented in the perception, so, why would that be?
Oh obviously yeah hahaha
No I don’t think ADHD is considered to be a female trait
I think women are socialized and raised to perform executive function for others
This is actually a well studied phenomen in terms of why males are less successful than females in college
Men were the only breadwinners for a while, if their adhd prevented them from holding a job it might be considered disordered more often?
Yes, and frankly most work does not require the executive function that running a household does
Wouldn’t that make a lack of executive function more obvious and diagnosable ?
Managing multiple children’s schedules, housework, etc, requires a lot more executive function than a job where your boss tells you what to do
No, I think what it results in is women being taught better executive functioning
But no amount of being taught it can change the physical structure of your brain
Coping mechanisms for adhd?
yes, I think women with ADHD mask very well
Women were also given uppers a lot in the 50s!
There’s a lot of articles from women with ADHD about this
Yes! They were
Maybe they are medicated lol
I mean my mom right now is on a stimulant for… weightloss
Yeah that blows my mind
Absolutely atrocious executive function though
She coped by having a nanny
I have noted many, many differences in the males & females in my life with ADHD lol
It’s something I think about a lot
I moved into a place with roommates and an old roommate had some of those diet pills
My roommates told me to try them because I like caffeine
That shit was unsafe
It was girly branded
I immediately thought: this is why some people think women are crazy
Like here’s a random example
My aunt died when my cousin Rachel was like 12
Her dad was still alive, but guess who became responsible for remembering family members birthdays? Buying gifts for Hanukkah? Remembering her brother’s after school things? She was.
From age 12 even though she had a father who was still totally active & engaged in her life, she was handed the mantle to care for the home
That sucks
Buying gifts is kinda crazy to put on a 12 year old
It’s very common in my experience that young women more so than young men will be expected to remember family events & information, perform household chores, manage theirs and others’ schedules, maintain a level of sociability not expected of young men
Of course her dad gave her the money and stuff, but she managed the actual organization
In mine, and almost all of everyone I know’s families, the wife writes all the stupid social expectation birthday cards, the graduation cards, the phone calls to say happy birthday from the niece
Every card I have ever received in my life is from a woman “on behalf of her and her male partner” lmao
It’s funny how much executive functioning the female social role entails
^ the cause of spaghetti brain, I guess lol
Yeah lmao I mean
I have forever and will forever resent & push back against the sexism that is my family criticizing me for forgetting to perform these very executive function-heavy things while my brother & male cousins are never critiqued for this stuff
I know it’s something my female friends and I talk about a lot
Hell even with my ADHD ex I ended up being the one to remind him of his mother’s birthday!!! I am done doing shit like that now but still ugh
I don’t blame individual men but I think I couldn’t date a man with ADHD/autism ever again because managing my own life is stressful enough and I need a partner who has good coping skills for their executive impairments
https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/04/adhd-is-different-for-women/381158/ this was the article I read after I realized what had lead to me failing out of college that legit had me in tears if you wanna learn more about it! <@800126234297630740>
https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-in-women-misunderstood-symptoms-treatment/ ADDitude magazine is also so good
I do feel bad bc that’s some weird biblical wives blog and being a traditional mom and running a household does sound like peak anxiety lmao
The article definitely reads like “wow does your life managing your 5 kids god wanted you to have run you ragged? No it doesn’t! That’s just how your brain is! Does your husband not help you stay on top of your home life enough? Well sorry, Jennifer, is brain just isn’t built like that and frankly you shouldn’t even vocalize all of the things you have to juggle because it might stress your poor husband out!”
My office names all of their computing assets after 90s movies and I got to pick my laptop's name
I decided to go with "Samurai Cop"
I am WTF

I was exploring whether I had ADHD or not when I was struggling to stay focused at my old job and I came across some helpful podcasts like Hacking Your ADHD: https://open.spotify.com/episode/12cEwnkOKpb8E1OANmn5nn?si=26vC6Q3UQjarolsiaxZqdQ Hacking Your ADHD
I don't think I have ADHD, but I still struggle sometimes with staying organized and in high executive function
It's really helpful to get protips from people who have come up with practical coping skills and ways to reframe how I think about some things
shoulda spent more time remember birthdays as a kid
😛
Binary tides
Excellent name, It’s not really a 90s movie but I’m leaning towards Kung Fury
Oh twin peaks…..
I tried watching that but I just couldn’t understand it past the first few episodes
Shame j really wanted to like it
Admittedly I only found out about it through life is strange
why chiari
i couldnt finish it
it was weird, for sure


90s movies eh
Fortress was a 90s movie
Maybe she has a Chiari malformation? Or Budd-Chiari syndrome?
Yeah, I think "Chiari Warriors" are those with CM
Yeah! The cool part about ADHD tips is they help everyone
It’s funny often people in my life have commented just how organized / etc I am and it’s always 🥲😅
Yeah weird to think they gave women meth and would labotomize the mentally ill just beyond words really
🤷🏻 the lobotomies are really wild but low dose amphetamines have been around for ages
Relevant haha
Overdiagnosed in men is another way to look at it
If you don't have ADHD, you're boring, anyway
Why is it "normal" to just sit still in a classroom and do boring math?
hey
math is amazing
but i get your point.
STFU 🖕
ok so
these days
im *literally* trying to teach strippers linear algebra
step 1
get them to care about linear algebra
im on step 1
Oof
they all know me as the linear algebra guy
Linear algebra is pretty boring
Good luck
you
you you you
I just have my computer do it for me
😠
well yeah
dont like, do the matrix math
I won't, okay?
linear algebra isn't about matrices, actually, and that's the fascinating part
I will watch videos about public transit while my computer does the math
linear algebra is about Vector Spaces
I'm not a stripper
matrices are just one type of vector space
I'm not a stripper
dude you'd be a pretty hot stripper
Am I a stripper?
Should I be a stripper?
yes.
I don't like half-measures
<@557419862826156042> <@232108135513325568> feel free to chime in here
I would go all in
Male escort.
of course
Classy ugly old broads
Yeah the classy ones
And I would know linear algebra, thanks to my tutor, Linear Algebra Guy
<@557419862826156042> should <@144656457919365121> be a male stripper?
dude so one thing im working on
That way I could have a convoluted pay scale
a spreadsheet of social events, conferences, trending topics on twitter, etc
and predicted income per stripper
and day
once you learn linear algebra, the relationship between these things is obvous
let the computer do the math, yes, but without knowing linear algebra you wont know what to do with all this data
And my relationship with my clients becomes blurry
They want to show me the good life and take me away to faraway lands
start getting paid in stock and director positions
And I tell them, "look, babe
I was born to roam."
I prefer reverse cowgirl.
wow you're going in a different direction with this
I support your dreams.
But their hips
you ever done the girl-between-your-legs things?
like role reversal
Anyway, all that to say, I should have paid attention in school.
i kinda want to try that
YEAH
I wouldn't have been in this situation
even the girl-between-your-legs things is better expressed and manipulated with linear algebra
Sex ain't nuthin but a Vector Space, baby.

relationships? vector space
finances? vector space
Who runs the world?
Vector spaces.
Girls
Girls are vector spaces
Gender isn't a spectrum - it's a vector space
https://imgur.com/gallery/t7d6cXz
I would never want to be known to a group of strippers as the anything guy
I do
the ones who know linear algebra will get $$$ from me
the others will learn it
<@144656457919365121> should be a stripper
He'd use matrices and spreadsheets to optimize pelvis thrust vectors and kill the competition
<@557419862826156042> <@144656457919365121> yall up for video games with me and <@232108135513325568> tonight?
If y’all met someone from a place where a dowry was required to marry them and you really wanted to marry them would you pay a dowry?
Depends if I could afford it or not 😜
But probably not
Sure! I'm finishing up around 7 before heading home
Oh yes assuming you can afford it! Like not an unreasonable sum
I’m watching 90 day fiancé and someone’s family requires a bride price
nice
I want to pay a bride price
brides either cost money or give money
nobody knows why or when it will flip
Pay the bride price for the novelty of it?
yeah
That’s why you want to?
ill get 2 brides, pay one with the other
Ah ok got it
bizness
I'm trying to <@151994782246240257> up my life
Do stuff other normal people do
Oh then come evacuate to a golf course
hahahaha
That’s what Liam’s up to right now
And watch 90 day fiancé
And play with sand art
Our area was at risk potentially of 10 feet of storm surge so we bounced
We have another room just a quick flight through tropical storm force winds
You got it
alright ill be over in a bit
wait im broke
Oh darn
Same sorry
Also same sorry I'll pay you back soon so you can afford more math lessons
❤️
It’s ok it’s not that fun anyways we probably are still gonna lose power where we evacuated to
I miss the anticipation if hurricanes
Not the day after
I’m finding it mostly annoying because everyone I know moved to Florida <2 years ago
So they all genuinely think the world is going to collapse
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1024211024418709534/unknown.png
I remember one year, there was a hurricane passing on through the day of my birthday party
It was a pool party so the rain didn't disrupt too much
I used to love hurricanes when I lived there
Days off from school, "camping" indoors when the power goes out with flashlights and card games, watching the transformers in the distance explode purple-blue at night
For some reason I was way cool with hurricanes, but tornados used to scare the bejesus out of me
ITS WRITTEN IN RUST OMG
https://stpihkal.docs.buttplug.io/
baby-shaped dog biscuits for pit bulls
God fucking damn it
I want _the promise_ of IPFS, but they haven't actually solved a lot of the existing issues with scalability
Like [this article from Pinata](https://medium.com/pinata/dedicated-ipfs-networks-c692d53f938d) (a centralized "pinning-as-a-service" company) basically says "the public DHT is too slow to traverse to be useful as the network scales
Make private networks!" Bitch that's supposed to be the whole point of IPFS -- A BIG INTERPLANETARY NETWORK
They just invented private torrent trackers with more steps!
I guess the difference between torrent trackers and ipfs networks is that the ipfs network guarantees that all the files have a minimum number of "seeds" while the torrent tracker doesn't enforce which peers have what data
IPFS Cluster (https://ipfscluster.io/documentation/) is a way to automate creating private IPFS networks
One thing they talk about is having "collaborative clusters" https://ipfscluster.io/documentation/collaborative/
this would mean that there are some trusted nodes with read & write access to the "pinset" or list of file hashes that are stored as well as the configuration options, and then there are read-only nodes that ingest the config from the trusted nodes and just act as additional storage
a baby pit bull licking a baby
a horrible dog attack
attacked by a baby
baby soldier
cookie with a gun
gun cookies
gun that shoots cookies
Lol how long are you gonna be holding on to ipfs
Is it gonna get big in 15 yard like Bitcoin
https://tenor.com/view/marge-i-just-think-theyre-neat-the-simpsons-neat-potato-gif-8549864
content addressable storage solutions:
All the NFT people already use it because iT's DeCeNtRaLiZeD
but then they just let someone else host their stuff, solving nothing
Lookie: https://github.com/ipfs-examples/js-ipfs-examples/tree/master/examples/browser-video-streaming#why-use-hls
Here's a stream of consciousness for what I'm thinking in my perfect world with unlimited time and motivation:

- I would like to have more storage, storage closer to people using it, and data redundancy
A collaborative IPFS cluster that stores all the bodygen.re movies and files and stuff could solve these issues, but it could also be solved with something like syncthing, or maybe even just rsync running as a cron job

- If we go with the IPFS cluster, some of us with servers can operate "trusted peers" and have the power to add/remove content
These servers would also run torrent clients to get the movies and TV from our other sources
For torrents on public trackers (most/all of our current downloads) those .torrent files could even be shared through IPFS to all the peers so they can seed too 

- Other folks who are tech savvy and want to help add redundancy, speed, and capacity can be given a Docker compose file or a VM which sets them up as a read-only "viewer node"
Those viewer nodes also have Plex or Jellyfin configured to pull content from IPFS and serve it over the local network
This solves the issue of lots of users wanting to watch lots of different pieces of content on demand (VOD)

- For synchronized streaming, I haven't quite figured it out, but I think that HLS or MPEG-DASH are going to be involved somehow
Big movies are transcoded, chunked, added to a playlist file, and distributed with IPFS
Then the playlist gets served somewhere and everyone can watch the same stream at the same time in their browser or something
You had me in the beginning
I’m interested in the discussion of expanding CDN resources
A city or community could get allocated a few real links to the Internet, get themselves registered as an AS, etc, and set up local cache servers
Regular user ISP domestic termination points are just an awful place for a CDN
Without at least two gateway-protocol-supportable connections to the internet, it’s just weird
I agree that ISP domestic termination points as CDNs are awful for low latency, but what if you cache locally before you watch?
I guess you're solving a different problem
it reminds me of USENET
a PUSH SUBSCRIBE model instead of retrieve
it would make sense to have feeds and have them distributed that way
I don't know how to make a better CDN, and I think it'd be annoying to be a legit AS that exists to distribute copyrighted content
lol
you know of any projects to set up a USENET server I could look at?
no
and dont use the usenet protocol lol
it sounds kinda fun to design a content distribution system though
its like an interview question
hows your security junk going?
i got the npm database and made a list of vulnerable email addresses then gave up
oh damn I gave up on that before I got all the emails
I'm a little directionless with that right now but as I do this satellite linux stuff, I think it could be cool to explore satellite security, especially leveraging something like https://satnogs.org/
I got my Steam Deck in
Didn't you buy a place in SF?
https://youtu.be/Hx3CpFjB2KI
Live view of the Familab parking lot
https://www.reddit.com/r/unket/comments/xpecgd/blev_lite_jobbigt_p%C3%A5_jobbet_idag_f%C3%A5r_v%C3%A4l_hoppas/
A picture from my ma in Port Orange
Good lad!
I tried
Bank of America tanked my credit over $15.
Kinda glad I didn't, it wasn't a good idea at all
With the loan options at the time, I would have been paying double average rent and not getting a lot of equity for it
makes more sense to just rent and save the other half
Do we have o brother where art thou
Do we have o brother where art thou
Do we have raising Arizona
HURACAAAAAAAAAAN
Nude in a hurricane
NSFW hurricane
Porn hurricane
Naked man in hurricane
Hurricane riding a fat cock
Duuude [1,2] is ominous as fuck! I love it
It is very good, judge Judy has served
Is it scary?
black rabbit
Hurricane??
https://www.reddit.com/r/StupidFood/comments/xqfpgx/nightmare_fuel_x_food_porn/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb
Jack rabbit
Black jack rabbit
Black jackrabbit playing blackjack
Black jackrabbit playing blackjack eating snacks covered in gnats
Yeah
Hurricane Ian
is there video of the rest of her digestive tract?
Capitalizing on a giant mouth
America at its … best?


https://github.com/RonSijm/ButtFish
Beat Magnus Carlsen at chess using a buttplug
Who's to say they aren't both trash-eating animals cursed by witches? Peterson does seem to know a lot about lobster hierarchies
How do you find these projects? They're amazing

i think there are likely to be a lot of "chosen ones" at least the way these femboy programmer memes are lmao
Jackalope herd
Jack, be nimble
jack, be quick
Jack, jump over a candle stick.
Lohbsters
Jordan Peterson with lobster claws


https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20180612-the-reasons-why-womens-voices-are-deeper-today
'The researchers compared archival recordings of women talking in 1945 with more recent recordings taken in the early 1990s
The team found that the “fundamental frequency” had dropped by 23 Hz over five decades – from an average of 229 Hz (roughly an A# below middle C) to 206 Hz (roughly a G#)
That’s a significant, audible difference


...recent research shows that we all spontaneously adapt the pitch of our voices to signal our perceived social rank..
most people quickly shifted the pitch of their voice within the first few minutes of the conversation, changes that predicted their later ranking within the group
For both men and women, the people who had lowered their pitch ended up with a higher social rank, and were considered to be more dominant in the group, while the people who had raised their pitch were considered to be more submissive and had a lower social rank
“You were able to predict what happened to the group, in terms of the hierarchies, just from these initial moments”'
https://twitter.com/IndeedsTopOpp/status/1575269628980432896
Are they classless? The show is called Winnie the Pooh, and Christopher Robin seems to prioritize Pooh over the other stuffed animals

I wonder if that's a factor in Tony Robbins's success since he is a giant with a really deep voice
https://i.imgur.com/fuOjLm0.mp4
steve bannon art
Also, is the female voice tone change correlated with women's rights?
Do women in more oppressed regions have higher pitched voices?
We should start a list of topics we want to research
I have a couple very researchable hypotheses.
We could track down some desperate phd candidates and coauthor papers
https://youtu.be/vk4Ozpb6x-k
Check out <#1025177470607036466>
<@724882617719193661>, <@800126234297630740>  I've just kinda been going with the flow but don't actually know what the <#961409302688596079> is for
Could y'all explain it?
I guess I just need some help understanding what mercurial means
That makes perfect that’s exactly why the customer service voice is whiny and high and the “give me this job voice” is richer
I always modulate my voice higher in “submissive” settings and my natural speaking voice is much deeper
Also that crazy Theranos lady did that
https://youtu.be/eVi1LHJEso0
*Picatrix* on Mercury: 
'He signifies perception and the rational intellect, fine eloquence, powerful and profound understanding of things, good intelligence, good memory, good perception, and an agile mind apt to learn sciences; those who labor in science and philosophy; understanding how things will happen; arithmeticians, geometers, astrologers, geomancers, magicians, augurs, scribes, grammarians, and smooth talkers; ready understanding of the petitions of the wise, those who labor in sciences and who desire to be exalted by those same sciences; those who want to make books, verses, and rhymes; those who write books, calculations and sciences; those who want to know the secrets of wisdom; expounders of philosophies; merciful and gentle people, and those who love sensation and pleasure; those who waste and destroy their wealth; merchandise; those who buy and sell things; having a part in the judgments and reasonings of people; the astute and deceptive; those who contemplate wickedness in their minds and keep these thoughts hidden; liars and makers of false instruments; fearful of enemies, swift in all works, flitting from the things of one profession to those of another; busying himself in everything; daring in all works that can be done by subtlety, and desiring to do great things; those who become rich; supporters of their friends and the people who mislead them to illicit ends...
When you want to pray to Mercury and ask him for one of the petitions that pertain to him, such as petitions of scribes and regencies of kings, dress yourself in the garments of a notary and scribe...and proceed in all your actions as though you were a scribe
On your finger put a ring of fixed mercury, because with such a ring Hermes the wise used to work
Sit on a chair of the kind that schoolmasters use, and turn to face Mercury, holding a piece of paper in your hands as though you intended to write on it.'
Cornelius Agrippa: 'Things under Mercury are these; amongst Elements, Water, although it moves all things indistinctly; amongst humors, those especially which are mixed, as also the Animall spirit; amongst tasts those that are various, strange, and mixed:
Amongst Animals, also, that are of quick sence, ingenious, strong, inconstant, swift, and such as become easily acquainted with men, as Dogs, Apes, Foxes, Weesels, the Hart, and Mule; and all Animals that are of both sexes, and those which can change their Sex, as the Hare, Civet-Cat, and such like.
Amongst birds, those which are naturally witty, melodious, and inconstant, as the Linet, Nightingale, Blackbird, Thrush, Lark, the Gnat-sapper, the bird Calandra, the Parret, the Pie, the Bird Ibis, the bird Porphyrio, the black Betle with one horn.'
Lilly: 'We may not call him either Masculine or Feminine, for he is either the one or other as joyned to any Planet; for if in Conjunction with a Masculine Planet, he becomes Masculine; if with a Feminine, then Feminine, but of his own nature he is cold and dry, and therefore Melancholly; with the good he is good, with the evil Planets ill.

In the Elements, the Water; amongst the humours, the mixt, he rules the animal spirit: he is author of subtilty, tricks, devices, perjury, &c.

Being well dignified, he represents a man of a subtil and politick brain, intellect, and cogitation; an excellent disputant or Logician, arguing with learning and discretion, and using much eloquence in his speech, a searcher into all kinds of Mysteries and Learning, sharp and witty, learning almost any thing without a Teacher; ambitious of being exquisite in every Science, desirious naturally of travel and seeing foraign parts: a man of an unwearied fancy, curious in the search of any occult knowledge; able by his own Genius to produce wonders; given to Divination and the more secret knowledge; if he turn Merchant, no man exceeds him in a way of Trade or invention of new wayes whereby to obtain wealth.

He generally signifies all literate men, Philosophers, Mathematicians, Astrologians, Merchants, Secretaries, Scriveners, Diviners, Sculptors, Poets, Orators, Advocates, School-masters, Stationers, Printers, Exchangers of Money, Atturneys, Emperours, Embassadours, Commissioners, Clerks, Artificers, generally Accomptants, Solicitors, sometimes Theeves, pratling muddy Ministers, busie Sectaries; Gramarians, Taylors, Carriers, Messengers, Foot-men, Userers.
Herbs attributed to Mercury, are known by the various colour of the flower, and love sandy barren places, they bear their seed in husks or cobs, they smel rarely or subtilly, and have principal relation to the tongue, brain, lungs or memory; and what herbs are used for the Muses and Divination, as Vervine, the Reed.
Of beasts, the Hyaena, Ape, Fox, Squirrel, Weasel, the Spider, the Grayhound, the Hermophradite, being partaker of both sexes; all cunning creatures.
All stones of divers colours.

Mixed and new colours, the Gray mixed with Sky-colour, such as is on the Neck of the Stock-dove, Linsie-woolsie colours, or consisting of many colours mixed in one
Of Savours, an hodgepodge of all things together, so that no one can give it any true name; yet usually such as doe quicken the Spirits, are subtil and penetrate, and in a manner insensible.'

He governeth Wednesday, and the first hour thereof, and the eighth.'
'Mercurial Deities
Hermes
In the Roman pantheon he is known as Mercury, the planetary sphere in which we currently find ourselves, but it as Hermes of Greek mythology that this personification of the Mercurial sphere is best known
Hermes is considered the second youngest god of the classical Greek pantheon
He is the son of Zeus and the Pleiad Maia and frequently associates with mortals on Earth
This role of liason is related to the view of Hermes as a liminal deity; indeed, this is a very apt description of the Mercurial as a sphere of conveyance and transitions and Hermes personifies many of these aspects of the sphere
Considered to be the "messenger of the gods", Hermes is renown for moving freely between worlds on his winged feet (remember the glyph of Mercury!) between the divine and mortal realms in much the same way that the Mercurial structures the liminal energies of manifestation between the Moon and Earth and serves as a bridge of integration and understanding from the Earth (physicality), through the Moon (Lunar Personality), and upward toward the Heavens (higher spheres and strata of the Four Worlds)
Hermes has also been viewed as a god of cunning and, sometimes, deceit: a patron of thieves and tricksters
Much of this has to do with his liminal hermaphroditism and how that reflects the transmutability and flow of forms and structures
He is widely regarded as a patron of orators, artisans, merchants, and travelers: all of these qualities are distinctly Mercurial as are movement, the exchange of goods, and the use of structures of logic, wit, and words to conduct oneself and one's affairs.'
'Loki
Let's look at a different cultural pantheon now and examine possible Mercurial attributions to a deity from there
Although the correspondence between Loki and Hermes – or indeed between Loki and the Mercurial specifically – is not exact, it is interesting to discuss how they compare as there are traits that are shared between the deities and that both deities have in common with the archetypes of Mercury
Loki is, of course, from the Norse pantheon and has a rather complex, and confusing, genealogy that varies depending on the sources
But one thing is clear: Loki is a shapeshifter
Changing both between species as well as between genders, Loki gets quite the reputation amongst his kin
He transforms at one point into a mare and upon being impregnated by a stallion gives birth to the magical steed Sleipner
He is also renowned as a trickster amongst the gods, and his image in popular culture, especially considering "The Avengers" mythos in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, is predicated upon such a depiction
Both the transformative and fluid (deceitful even?) nature of Loki and his origin story point to Mercurial connections and to a current that is both liminal and transcendental across cosmological pantheons
This is the Form aspect of Consciousness at the level of the personality
This is Mercury.'
https://i.imgur.com/R6j9dDp.mp4

<@800126234297630740> are you already experimenting with hls? I saw there's a folder for it on the server
You do cool stuff on that server all the time! I want to know what cool stuff you're doing so I can learn things
I'm over here writing software like a wet-diapered baby smearing pudding on my face
Jesus
I used to chill with that guys cousin no joke looked just like him
 Family was from Maryland
Owncast was the best project for hls twitch-like streaming I found
I think I deleted the directory because it took up a lot of space
It didn’t have chromecast functionality but it was easy to add
I never pushed a pr for it lol
https://twitter.com/laurenboebert/status/1306238422764474369
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1025344048745173004/A4D79BD5-6F0C-4701-9C06-B7970DB41A39.jpg
https://youtu.be/YuHBTvHznpE
Man I should try finding the tumblr ad one, I used to know a friend who worked for these kinds of apps haha
she was on the writing end, so she saw some strange choices
by the Midjourney AI

https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/immigration/biden-white-house-preparing-take-executive-action-protect-daca-dreamer-rcna49864
I hate our supreme court so much
"now that we have a conservative majority in the supreme court, we can dismantle every civil rights decision ever made in this country, according to our values"
Then the fucking republicans come back with this: https://www.rollcall.com/2022/09/29/bill-would-allow-dreamers-to-join-the-military-become-citizens/
"ooo sorry not sorry about taking away your rights
How about you risk your life as cannon fodder to get them back maybe?'
<@246787598092075011> do you know if there are any immigration-related projects at Code for San Jose / CfA?
I found https://www.fwd.us/ which was started by The Zuck, but I don't know much about it
Download Lancelot guardian of time
My job at work is to develop a triplicated, modular, and redundant (TMR) operating system for a satellite flight computer
All my work is based on an open source project a UGA grad student did: https://github.com/SOL-Space-Operating-Linux/meta-sol

It's the first time I've ever been paid to work on a FOSS project and I also convinced my boss to pay that grad student a couple hundred bucks as a "consultant" to teach me more about the codebase and to clean up the mess of branches
I'm pretty stoked that there's money going into open source software for space systems and that I get to work on it
Plus I get to learn how to be a Linux kung fu master
wahhh one of my friends is in Japan and he sent me this
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/585682364923904021/1025564179937099806/IMG_7380.jpg?width=1342&height=1007
Daaamn that's awesome
I was just talking with some friends about how when I went to Japan, milk and cream from Hokkaido blew my freaking mind
Best milk I've ever had
<@557530348821545000> was there to experience it too
Computer generated human
Human designed by a computer
Computer aided design human
Human in revit
Human pelvis designed by a computer dynamic simulation
Revit model of a human skeleton
Skelegant
Spooktober
this is nuts
https://youtu.be/hfjHJneVonE
Download boss level
Oh yeah! Hokkaido milk was damn good.
Return to Yharnam! https://twitter.com/technomancer_01/status/1576246557820608512?s=46&t=_QC_nULcDJ5lTbHe34O6jg
A return to Yharnam!


Forward-deployed Ukrainian battle cat
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1025849915722702969/IMG_20221001_162049.jpg
I want to see it!
Did she get hacked or is she Just braindead
Did some digging

I feel like this was edited but either way
It’s been up for over 2 years so the latter
https://allthatsinteresting.com/first-customer-service-complaint-ea-nasir
agh I want to go so badly
>_< I have some friends who are planning a 2023 trip though!
asteroid mining colony
binary star system planet
Oh dear
Download sorry for bothering you
Download sorry to bother you
Yes we have one proj-eimmigrate
https://www.codeforsanjose.org/projects/e-immigrate
That's right, I remember you telling me about that one

"new philosopher" Ayn Rand -- born in 1905

https://youtu.be/JfsVTGmBpoY
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/crime/a-woman-is-suing-hertz-after-being-accused-of-stealing-a-rental-car-she-d-paid-for-and-getting-arrested-4-times-over-the-incident-lawsuit-says/ar-AA12vy6p
https://youtu.be/QcS9ZndErHc
Nanni:
> This bitch…
Pohda toe
Yessssssss
They tryin’
With the way they advertise these games
Who knows
v

Scenes from the shining in the style of ottoman miniatures
Download how to succeed with girls
Download silk 2
https://jrsploitation.files.wordpress.com/2019/01/zardoz-sean-connery-red-diaper.jpg
I watched Midsommar last night and it was actually pretty good
I was adequately disturbed
One of the cool features of it was that they made a legitimately scary and disturbing movie in a setting that was perpetually well lit and beautiful
The practical effects were excellent 👍

Truly wonderful gore
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/930621096816963596/1026519999927562361/unknown.png
Big oof

https://twitter.com/BNONews/status/1576989220937269249/photo/1
Saw this on my walk back from lunch
Poor guy has to be a model AND a stuntman just to make ends meet
https://guytevet.github.io/mdm-page
'Ich liebe meines Wesens Dunkelstunden,
in welchen meine Sinne sich vertiefen;
in ihnen hab ich, wie in alten Briefen,
mein täglich Leben schon gelebt gefunden
und wie Legende weit und uberwunden.
Aus ihnen kommt mir Wissen, dass ich Raum
zu einem zweiten zeitlos breiten Leben habe.

Und manchmal bin ich wie der Baum,
der, reif und rauschend, über einem Grabe
den Traum erfüllt, den der vergangne Knabe
(um den sich seine warmen Wurzeln drängen)
verlor in Traurigkeiten und Gesängen.

I love the dark hours of my being
in which my senses drop into the deep.
I have found in them, as in old letters,
my private life, that is already lived through,
and become wide and powerful now, like legends.
Then I know that there is room in me
for a second huge and timeless life.

But sometimes I am like the tree that stands
over a grave, a leafy tree, fully grown,
who has lived out that particular dream, that the dead boy
(around whom its warm roots are pressing)
lost through his sad moods and his poems.'

~ Rainer Maria Rilke
'I love the dark hours of my being.
My mind deepens into them.
There I can find, as in old letters,
the days of my life, already lived,
and held like a legend, and understood.

Then the knowing comes: I can open
to another life that’s wide and timeless.

So I am sometimes like a tree
rustling over a gravesite
and making real the dream
of the one its living roots
embrace:

a dream once lost
among sorrows and songs.'
now we can have Ghoulean algebras for Halloween!
yeah all my coworkers set up midjourney
if you wanna set it up, ill try to help lol
i think you need a beefy gpu though
my eyes immediately go to the crotch
but
i really want to see "cyberpunk 'a person kicks'"
You have interesting coworkers
Got a bad cold today
My throat is all sorts of fucked up.
What kind of fucked up? Scratchy?
I had a weird cold recently where my throat wasn't scratchy but it was really fucked up
Everytime I breath, swallow, sneeze, cough, ect, it hurts.

Sucks, man
Sounds like it’s not COVID so I’m glad for that
https://www.psypost.org/2022/09/right-wing-individuals-are-more-likely-to-fall-for-political-bullshit-according-to-new-research-63961
'In line with previous research on bullshit receptivity, the researchers presented the participants with a list of statements that included both pseudo-profound bullshit (“Good health imparts reality to subtle creativity”) and meaningful sentences (“A river cuts through a rock, not because of its power but its persistence”)
The participants were asked to rate how “profound” they thought each statement was.

To measure receptivity to political bullshit, the researchers then had the participants read about hypothetical political programs that had been proposed during presidential elections in the fictitious country of Gonfel.'
yo <@&874406377982926889> , we gonna watch a mooovie
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/is0nO/https:%2F%2F1.au.synclounge.tv
in this tv-show-movie-thing

Donald Trump stangles ET while YK Kim tries to fend him off
I don't think we've ever seen a spreading tattoo story before
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddy_G,_My_Two_Moms_and_Me
can't wait for episode 2
GENISIS DOES
- Super Force, 1990
- for about 200ms
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/8_-ZICg5elg/maxresdefault.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NECDgA3gu8I&ab_channel=RetroTony
Timothy Leary
Super Force (TV Series)
Police Commissioner Pfister
- The Luddite Crusade (1992) ..
Police Commissioner Pfister
https://www.ebay.com/itm/263332369158
ordered this too
Audio Tronic - Voted greatest villain EVER
dalek131322 March 2009
Is there ANY way to see this episode again? Please! Let me see in on Hulu or whatever
The villain of the piece, Audio Tronic was MASTERFUL
I have been trying to find copies of this show but it is hard as the series was 'clown shoes'
Sure, they pulled costumes from other shows that were in production at the Universal lot at that time, but they had, as many shows of that time didn't have, heart
This episode is proof of that
The performance of Mark Muncy as Audio Tronic almost overshadows that of the main actor, but not by that much
He bought a much needed pathos to the role
It is disappointing to see that he hasn't been on screen much since that time
I do hear, however, that he is a published author now.
https://jubileefurniturelv.com/products/sahara-modern-leather-sectional
it's a Gamer Couch



Mark Muncy
Audio Tronic(uncredited)
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1215109/?ref_=tt_cl_t_12
'Zach, with the help of Germany's Inspector Zeitgeist, must apprehend a large hulk of a creature.'
'Bud Kingman offers to pay the bounty hunter the bounty not to kill his son
The bounty hunter loves his work so he refuses
Only Super Force can stop the bounty hunter.'
'While investigating some kidnappings, Zach runs across his ex -- and is horrified to see that she is now an "exotic dancer"
He further learns that she has come under the spell of a cult leader.'
'Contestants are being seriously injured and/or killed on a rigged game show.'
'When F.X
makes some modifications to the suit, it doesn't go well
Zach goes into a coma
While in the coma, Zach has flashbacks to many of the events in season 1
And that's what this episode is -- a flashback episode.'
'Crystal is back and has joined yet another cult
There's more to it this time though.'
'A Country-Western singer froze himself back in 1971 to escape a mob debt
Now it is 2021 and he has been thawed out -- but alas, the mob is still after him.'
'An alien enforcer has arrived on earth and is hunting down the two platinum-blonde aliens
They are wanted on their home world for the crime of failing to capture SuperForce.'
'When Zach is knocked out by F.X.'s hammer, he dreams that Super Force is a sitcom wherein he has lost his lottery ticket.'
'Dr
DeNunzio discovers a million year old man in a tree who he thinks may be the "missing link"
Trouble starts when the tree man comes to life.'
'Zach saves the world from the nano-machines, but agonizes over what to do next since the plasmoids will die without the nano-machines.'
'Iau the Bogman is back and he steals Plutonium from Dr
DeNunzio's lab
But why?'
'In this series finale, F.X
has a device which helps Zach relive the best moments of the show.'
<@800126234297630740> SuperForce episode summary generator?
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/930621096816963596/1026704319451504720/unknown.png
So cyberpunk
It looks really uncomfortable lol
Yeah
Pretty sure I caught the cold from my sister
She was coughing like crazy after we left from our vacay in Tennessee.
Fellas
"Squash your commit into 1 commit and fix the commit message to fit the linux standard and I'll take a look 🙂"

.....
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2563632/how-can-i-merge-two-commits-into-one-if-i-already-started-rebase
I just learned rebasing and this page was super helpful: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/rewriting-history/git-rebase

agh the fury
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVpLoUecZYY&ab_channel=TroubleChute
guess I'll take a look at that at some point as well..
It's really irritating when your workplace purposely sets you back in the early 2000s tech wise and so in order to keep up to date, you have to actively seek it out
not even SVN for crying out loud
exploding nebula
Bunalert

If there is an animal channel lmk
Oh man but it does look pretty cool
Older than svn ?
plain old emailing
;_;
I have created <#1026949847389052940> to discuss all non-human lifeforms
Oh no 😂
You know, it might be interesting to see what kind of stuff ESA, JAXA, etc
do as a way to stay current
I'm sure that git or svn is used at NASA but i bet the layers of bureaucracy keep it from being deployed agency-wide
Oh it's there, just siloed and siloed and siloed
https://youtu.be/LWOb8k0kbXY
Hawk moth
I thought it was a small dead bird

On my arm

An actual bug!
All those colors...WOW!  Love it
 Smoke is cute too & really loves you 💚...🤣
<:bigchungus:971168031453638656>
It's just commiseration ;_; I hope the repo owner doesn't get annoyed, seems pretty nit picky to only want 1 commit for a PR
Yeah, but nerds can be nitpicky sometimes
Arguably it's a way to keep main branches linear with each commit message being a meaningful description of a full feature
Idk about you, but I often have commit messages like "oops fixed a typo" and "okay fixed for real this time"
Rebasing just cleans all that up






Is that a spider you found IRL??
Yeah, I keep it preserved in alcohol on my bookshelf
All those pics are IRL
damn, that's pretty gnarly, you'll have halloween all setup : p
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2022/oct/04/wax-worm-saliva-rapidly-breaks-down-plastic-bags-scientists-discover
> The enzymes can be easily synthesised and overcome a bottleneck in plastic degradation, the researchers said, which is the initial breaking of the polymer chains.
What is actually happening chemically? I don't know enough chemistry, but someone on Reddit says PE doesn't really have any easily cleavable chemical bonds.

oh my fucking god
I'm so excited
I keep coming back to this message
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tL_zvi0ltzI&feature=youtu.be
Also https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FYwL5H4ZNok
<@232108135513325568> what is this song about
download eternal fist

Download Xuan.Zang.2016.720p.BRRip.x264.AC3.HORiZON-ArtSubs
I believe it's about love, butts, and rockets
https://youtu.be/HCDU3vp6g7U
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1027313360791928893/IMG_1637.jpg

https://youtu.be/2dyYGyiSRzY
https://www.amazon.com/Poop-Like-Champion-Highest-servings/dp/B0186GEX8E?pldnSite=1
what does 'clean label product' mean
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/604125477770231809/1027303937071665172/IMG_8314.jpg
those eels are already dealing with so much
Probably none of the buzzword things or also it’s “only ingredients you know”
these cereals should be marketed as part of the Anal Sex Diet
https://bobbybox.substack.com/p/i-tried-a-pro-bottom-diet-in-hopes
once upon a midnight DREARY
while I pondered WEAK and WEARY

over quaint-ass BEATS and lines that BORE
if you come here rapping, I'll lay you on the FLOOR

you're in my chamber on a FOR-EIGN SHORE
Quoth the crowd to your style: NE-VER MORE!


I call bullshit
Over the Garden Wall! because it's autumn



I had a friend who didn't know what it was : p
what the fuck that bunny is so cute
https://media.tenor.com/VkAGiuYyGs0AAAAC/shower-thoughts-nick-offerman.gif
https://youtu.be/mQ8P4DNQA90 In 1997, two composers set out to create "The Most Unwanted Song"
They conducted a survey and compiled the most annoying lyrics and musical elements into one song, It contains an accordion, out-of-tune children singing about christmas and Walmart, high pitched flutes, people yelling about politics, bagpipes, an operatic soprano rapping over cowboy music, and more
The song is also 22 mintues long

Atonement and turkey
This song is some serious avant garde / zoomer GOLD
Rope em, ride em, shoot em up good
We're big and bad in the cowboy hood
Do all your shopping at Wal-Mart
I like how right wing websites aimed at young people always seem like memes themselves
They don’t require any further commentary they just read like the onion straight out
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/849776666161971240/1027180834815484015/TheCycle.png
More like soft shit! Amirite???
Heyyooooo
I don't know what it was! What was it?
This is how I feel every time I look at code
I’m pretty sure that being constipated is best for anal
Cute!  It has a frog 👍

Ugh i want muh bun bun rn

Not a human, but named as one.

I get this sick feeling just thinking about reading the 1500 total pages of text contained within these books.

Macaulay “Macaulay Culkin” Culkin
https://scontent-atl3-2.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t39.30808-6/309059161_665904058461495_1600459440961313792_n.jpg?stp=dst-jpg_p552x414&_nc_cat=106&ccb=1-7&_nc_sid=8bfeb9&_nc_ohc=flowMMvc4UcAX9No0YC&tn=KYt7AfBnBNTfS2_D&_nc_ht=scontent-atl3-2.xx&oh=00_AT87nBj_oKgqsKKtb95f53HtqBcmvaDwaaB49pVr4JhCYQ&oe=63439E11
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1027687071495770163/unknown.png

Dentist love you good bye
Dentist love you wave good bye
Teeth hand wave love
🦷 👋
🦷 👋 ❤️
I'm stoned on fart fumes



https://the3gi.com/shrekfest.html
download space ninja
Wow I actually have a real robot pic
For this channel

Banana human hybrid competes in the Olympics

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Njk2YAgNMnE


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VGPmZAbKe8
https://v.redd.it/487um2u0fds91
That dog is a decorated admiral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooAuteRHyD0
<@&874406377982926889> We are going to  watch SUPER FORCE mid-day today!
Admiral Seymour Rasputin Bigglesworth III
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1028006214371647538/unknown.png
https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/georges-bataille-the-solar-anus
'It is clear that the world is purely parodic, in other words, that each thing seen is the parody of another, or is the same thing in a deceptive form.

Ever since sentences started to circulate in brains devoted to reflection, an effort at total identification has been made, because with the aid of a copula each sentence ties one thing to another; all things would be visibly connected if one could discover at a single glance and in its totality the tracings of Ariadne’s thread leading thought into its own labyrinth.

But the copula of terms is no less irritating than the copulation of bodies
And when I scream I AM THE SUN an integral erection results, because the verb to be is the vehicle of amorous frenzy.

Everyone is aware that life is parodic and that it lacks an interpretation
Thus lead is the parody of gold
Air is the parody of water
The brain is the parody of the equator
Coitus is the parody of crime.

Gold, water, the equator, or crime can each be put forward as the principle of things.

And if the origin of things is not like the ground of the planet that seems to be the base, but like the circular movement that the planet describes around a mobile center, then a car, a clock, or a sewing machine could equally be accepted as the generative principle.

The two primary motions are rotation and sexual movement, whose combination is expressed by the locomotive’s wheels and pistons.

These two motions are reciprocally transformed, the one into the other.

Thus one notes that the earth, by turning, makes animals and men have coitus, and (because the result is as much the cause as that which provokes it) that animals and men make the earth turn by having coitus.

It is the mechanical combination or transformation of these movements that the alchemists sought as the philosopher’s stone.

It is through the use of this magically valued combination that one can determine the present position of men in the midst of the elements.
An abandoned shoe, a rotten tooth, a snub nose, the cook spitting in the soup of his masters are to love what a battle flag is to nationality.

An umbrella, a sexagenarian, a seminarian, the smell of rotten eggs, the hollow eyes of judges are the roots that nourish love.

A dog devouring the stomach of a goose, a drunken vomiting woman, a slobbering accountant, a jar of mustard represent the confusion that serves as the vehicle of love.'

A man who finds himself among others is irritated because he does not know why he is not one of the others.

In bed next to a girl he loves, he forgets that he does not know why he is himself instead of the body he touches.

Without knowing it, he suffers from the mental darkness that keeps him from screaming that he himself is the girl who forgets his presence while shuddering in his arms.
Love or infantile rage, or a provincial dowager’s vanity, or clerical pornography, or the diamond of a soprano bewilder individuals forgotten in dusty apartments.

They can very well try to find each other; they will never find anything but parodic images, and they will fall asleep as empty as mirrors.

The absent and inert girl hanging dreamless from my arms is no more foreign to me than the door or window through which I can look or pass.

I rediscover indifference (allowing her to leave me) when I fall asleep, through an inability to love what happens.

It is impossible for her to know whom she will discover when I hold her, because she obstinately attains a complete forgetting.

The planetary systems that turn in space like rapid disks, and whose centers also move, describing an infinitely larger circle, only move away continuously from their own position in order to return it, completing their rotation.

Movement is a figure of love, incapable of stopping at a particular being, and rapidly passing from one to another.

But the forgetting that determines it in this way is only a subterfuge of memory.

A man gets up as brusquely as a specter in a coffin and falls in the same way.

He gets up a few hours later and then he falls again, and the same thing happens every day; this great coitus with the celestial atmosphere is regulated by the terrestrial rotation around the sun.

Thus even though terrestrial life moves to the rhythm of this rotation, the image of this movement is not turning earth, but the male shaft penetrating the female and almost entirely emerging, in order to reenter.
Love and life appear to be separate only because everything on earth is broken apart by vibrations of various amplitudes and durations.

However, there are no vibrations that are not conjugated with a continuous circular movement; in the same way, a locomotive rolling on the surface of the earth is the image of continuous metamorphosis.

Beings only die to be born, in the manner of phalluses that leave bodies in order to enter them.

Plants rise in the direction of the sun and then collapse in the direction of the ground.

Trees bristle the ground with a vast quantity of flowered shafts raised up to the sun.

The trees that forcefully soar end up burned by lightning, chopped down, or uprooted
Returned to the ground, they come back up in another form.

But their polymorphous coitus is a function of uniform terrestrial rotation.
The simplest image of organic life united with rotation is the tide
From the movement of the sea, uniform coitus of the earth with the moon, comes the polymorphous and organic coitus of the earth with the sun.

But the first form of solar love is a cloud raised up over the liquid element
The erotic cloud sometimes becomes a storm and falls back to earth in the form of rain, while lightning staves in the layers of the atmosphere.

The rain is soon raised up again in the form of an immobile plant.

Animal life comes entirely from the movement of the seas and, inside bodies, life continues to come from salt water.

The sea, then, has played the role of the female organ that liquefies under the excitation of the penis.

The sea continuously jerks off.

Solid elements, contained and brewed in water animated by erotic movement, shoot out in the form of flying fish.

The erection and the sun scandalize, in the same way as the cadaver and the darkness of cellars.

Vegetation is uniformly directed towards the sun; human beings, on the other hand, even though phalloid like trees, in opposition to other animals, necessarily avert their eyes.

Human eyes tolerate neither sun, coitus, cadavers, nor obscurity, but with different reactions.

When my face is flushed with blood, it becomes red and obscene.

It betrays at the same time, through morbid reflexes, a bloody erection and a demanding thirst for indecency and criminal debauchery.

For that reason I am not afraid to affirm that my face is a scandal and that my passions are expressed only by the JESUVE.
The terrestrial globe is covered with volcanoes, which serve as its anus.

Although this globe eats nothing, it often violently ejects the contents of its entrails.

Those contents shoot out with a racket and fall back, streaming down the sides of the Jesuve, spreading death and terror everywhere.

In fact, the erotic movements of the ground are not fertile like those of the water, but they are far more rapid.

The earth sometimes jerks off in a frenzy, and everything collapses on its surface.

The Jesuve is thus the image of an erotic movement that burglarizes the ideas contained in the mind, giving them the force a scandalous eruption.

This eruptive force accumulates in those who are necessarily situated below.
Communist workers appear to the bourgeois to be as ugly and dirty as hairy sexual organs, or lower parts; sooner or later there will be a scandalous eruption in the course of which the asexual noble heads of the bourgeois will be chopped off.

Disasters, revolutions, and volcanoes do not make love with the stars.

The erotic revolutionary and volcanic deflagrations antagonize the heavens.

As in the case of violent love, they take place beyond the constraints of fecundity.

In opposition to celestial fertility there are terrestrial disasters, the image of terrestrial love without condition, erection without escape and without rule, scandal, and terror.

Love then screams in my own throat; I am the Jesuve, the filthy parody of the torrid and blinding sun.

I want to have my throat slashed while violating the girl to whom I will have been able to say: you are the night.

The Sun exclusively loves the Night and directs its luminous violence, its ignoble shaft, toward the earth, but finds itself incapable of reaching the gaze or the night, even though the nocturnal terrestrial expanses head continuously toward the indecency of the solar ray.

The solar annulus is the intact anus of her body at eighteen years to which nothing sufficiently blinding can be compared except the sun, even though the anus is night.'
hahaha
there was a short in-show advert for a 1-900 phone line to hear cop stories
like a phone sex line
cop story phone sex hotline

https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Jason_Vigo
download digital man 1995
download darkdrive
download johnny virus
download velocity trap
download total reality
download tnt 1997
download t.n.t
1997
Our new favorite television channel is PHL-17
Yasss
What time PST?
oh its not on anymore
but they aired Super Force
followed by Old Yeller
yo <@557419862826156042> i ordered a terrible robot arm
Awwwww sheeeeit dawg
Nice
its probably downstairs right now but im waiting for the ups guy to leave
If you ever want to build a custom and streamlined Linux distribution for that arm, I'm ur guy
they have a model with raspberry pi and a cheaper model with the M5Stack
i got the M5Stack version
I figure if I'm motivated to program an RPi I'll be motivated to replace the controller
> Regret is a weight you needn't carry, son.
> 
> - rich guy who put his brain in a computer
download xuan zang 2016
https://i.imgur.com/1A9E0L8.mp4
https://i.imgur.com/MF67NhP.mp4
https://i.imgur.com/vZXW7Vq.mp4
https://i.imgur.com/1A9E0L8.mp4
In Southeast Asia, in addition to the classic Boolean operations like OR, NOR, XOR, XNOR, etc
They have NGOR
not-good OR?
it's like the kind of crap an Elamite would sell

ROFL
EA-NASIR
the first recorded customer complaint

rofl where are you getting these history memes
these are amazing
https://www.nber.org/papers/w29874
> Managers with a business degree reduce employees' wages, do not increase profit

https://youtu.be/MWih66xx6SY


soomer meme stash

Kinda want to make a robot to do this 

https://youtu.be/kw7JPXNuqQo
Their feeties are _strong_
IT'S HAPPENNING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgxW_9kHyyY

It was a short cartoon that aired a while back, and it's an animated series about two boys that stumble into a kind of wonderland meets 1800s Americana
It's surprisingly spooky and I think I want to stream it at some point
It _is_ October : p
I love it because it's got that cute cartoony look to it but it isn't stupid humor
Also you can hear Frodo voicing one of the characters!
O I was about to say that is very classy dog cuz I thought the bed was hanging from somewhere
cyberpunk planet
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/862352756136607764/1028237224715751466/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1028437650446749779/20221007_183733.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1028443496413139045/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1028472988913373245/unknown.png
She's quite spoiled in case ypu can't tell.

Want
Want to start a cult?
How did I do this
Impressive
I'm high
Fuck you
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
what happened to bad movies society
Need critique, its been sitting in my queue for a while but what specifically does it need that would make you want to buy it? This is Malenia’s rune and her level has a ton of rot and decay

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1028786758944563210/IMG_8247.jpg
https://youtu.be/YfcgfJQupCo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeppson's_Mal%C3%B6rt
<@800126234297630740> 
'tastes like pencil shavings and heartbreak'..
'Malört is like swallowing a burnt condom filled with gasoline'..
'taking a bite out of a grapefruit and then drinking a shot of gasoline'..
'tastes like earwax, and hate'
'they call this the champagne of pain
It has no redeeming qualities whatsoever'
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/FRhE5HTaQ0o/maxresdefault.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQMXjcibv7c&ab_channel=ZimWWE77
I drank malört when I visited Chicago
It was described like this to me and met every expectation
It's so bad
Are you selling a print of the rune?
I must try this
How would I buy it? A physical print? Sticker? Rights to a digital copy?

It’s cool, I’d probably buy it depending on the format
I’m trying to, procrastinated on it for a long time but I’d sell it as a sticker, stamp, and maybe a print if it’s good enough
I do have a RedBubble but I don’t really like it all that much tbh
Etsy is cute but I don’t like how you need your social security number now to sell, and apparently they’ve hiked prices
Square space would not be worth it without me getting rid of all 3 websites and condensing them down into 1
Ko fi Is looking to be the best option atm because i could keep my static git page and old ass full stack  demo website, but the real kicker to all these online shops I think, is the trouble of having to handle shipping an actual physical copy of anything :/
Oh I tried Malort @ the 4th of July thing with Liam
It was fine I mean not delicious but not so horrid I could’ve done another shot of it
Just weirdly medicinal
Download Pinocchio 964
Download beyond the black rainbow

It's not real, but this is:

https://m.imdb.com/title/tt1927023/
https://youtu.be/VudTAeQeA9o
No
Download panti sisters
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1028490673290227712/1029074756122705991/16063560644312.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1029368043144478751/unknown.png
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/615407840747716609/1029417725874937916/FeVYPnmUYAASPR6.jpg
Truly the golden age of marketing
Been thinkin about this
Like "The Mummy" but instead of a ancient pharoah it's a sumerian merchant
yes, I like that!
This is actually the story of Manucher Ghorbanifar during the Iran Contra affair
But instead of copper it's gunz
I kind of want to put together a semicoherent philosophy / mission statement for bodygen.re
Dan suggested focusing the kinds of movies we play and I think having an idea for what we're all about would help inform that
Now the Hentai Porn producers will be put out of business
Someone once said that the best source code comments are comments that document a code smell.
I was thinking something like:
```
What is BodyGenre?

Often when we encounter obscure, esoteric, or negative experiences, our minds naturally reject them and shut them out
We feel the revulsion deep into our bodies and souls
The depth of the experience can be moving and powerful, but the rejection and disgust sensitize us to avoiding more of these experiences in the future.

BodyGenre aims to reframe these experiences by instead celebrating the bad, obscure, and esoteric -- either through observation and discussion (movie watch parties), parody and ridicule (#bad-capitalism), philosophical discussion (#house-of-mercury), empathic participation (#neurodivergent-poetry), and many other "ways of knowing"


Since our selves are tuned to already feel powerful thoughts and emotions in these contexts, we harness that power and mold it into joy, community, and enlightenment
Join us on this ridiculous spiritual journey.

BodyGenre: "feeling it deep in our bones 🦴 "
```

I bet the code smells in hentai generators are absolutely intoxicating
https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q970050

<@557419862826156042> now I'm browsing a list of Humans https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q5


This is obscene
Think of the children!
lol
I did several shots, obviously, but I complained after each one
This is most believable
https://youtu.be/q7s16ewP1RU
Malort: Tastes like the product of a gypsy curse!
<@229250171475722240> wrote some mythos for us too
I'm going to put them in Judy sometime today probably

humanized
<@&874406377982926889> does anybody want to play a DND tonight but instead of DND characters we build character sheets from wikidata entries?
eww
i really need to try this
where do you get this
do they have it at bars?
If you go to one of the shitty bars Patrick took me to in Sunnyvale, I can just about guarantee it
<@557419862826156042> are we going to a shitty bar in Sunnyvale to have some Malort?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ANDZYAx7tQ
this guy does a whole youtube channel on horrible liquors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVcUyjmwIQc
"Trashcan full of old antidepressants covered in motor oil"
Can we bring our own Malort to the bars but make the bartenders pour it for us?
That sounds fun
Go to Chicago, Sarah will make Malort into a delicious drink
<@557530348821545000> will vouch for this
Sweet
This poetry is too poetic
we should come up with some official BodyGen.re bad movie drink recipes incorporating Malört
Box Office Bomb

4 ml Natural Ice or Natural Light beer
4 ml Steven Seagal’s Lightning Bolt Energy Drink
Dash of Leonard Maltin's tears

1 shot of Jeppson’s Malört

Combine the first three ingredients in a tall chilled glass; drop the shot of Jeppson’s Malört in ust before drinking
Serve with a loaded 
475 Wildey 'Death Wish' Magnum semi-automatic pistol as garnish.

I’m down
Excited
Ok let’s pick some wikidata pages for races and character classes
Eclectic energy ballasts inflate the egos of entomological rulers
Groups of people struggle to maintain distance
When we laugh at the generosity of worms,
We forget our basic principles
A wormhole opened and gobbled it all up
We're all working through our collective amnesia
lol wikidata.org is the worst
Teehee.
Daniel was nice enough to give me a job to do so I don’t have to resort to Onlyfans just yet 👍
<@800126234297630740> which flavor do you prefer, Cherry Charge or Asian Experience?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IId64OJdCKM&ab_channel=StevenSeagal
https://www.pastemagazine.com/drink/alcohol/these-disgusting-fake-liquor-brands-are-probably-i/#4-hobble-creek-special-select
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0225009/
DO NOT READ THE DESCRIPTION

<@724882617719193661> <@229250171475722240> SUPERFORCE http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/fwnlh/https:%2F%2F1.au.synclounge.tv
A yob? What is your yob?
Race: https://m.wikidata.org/wiki/Q11631
<@557419862826156042> we're watching SuperForce again
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bisexual_lighting#:~:text=Bisexual%20lighting%20is%20the%20simultaneous,phenomenon%20in%20filmmaking%20is%20disputed.
XuperForce
https://www.ebay.com/p/2149181125?iid=303637499449
https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256804146320749.html?gatewayAdapt=glo2usa4itemAdapt&_randl_shipto=US
https://www.ebay.com/itm/303905485317?hash=item46c22db205:g:LRgAAOSwwUhgPlR0&amdata=enc%3AAQAHAAAA8KwBRKdFDQxLJ%2Fb4upVq%2F7D5oa%2F3Vuw6UFTT9np14qRMvxedFIKlnq5b8eH3nzbzkxVz%2BQAncZgOE0gNechiqza0aVbciiTckf10GGZuCB%2Bu3pinAM8FCwWW5sold0mKwYEsIUcAeAwoXqAbatmiOoFxkb7HIsY82pOF7qTIkVa3YIBgLvs06IRaQaOsdD1NXQs0Y2yrXdTFLZIA76uvH%2BVnEyxpaJmq%2FR%2BgzVb06OB%2FsHX3PHgmhr85zy4OxpCePTwvtmBLRS3sRmz1gwOENPhDwgDoyHDJcc1Tou%2FnEi5cDFFGneCKQFrWYf0biIJ2OA%3D%3D%7Ctkp%3ABFBM3qyFqvlg


https://www.ebay.com/itm/382281161571
https://www.amazon.com/Large-Round-Circle-Paparazzi-Sunglasses/dp/B005LY76J8
https://www.travelchinacheaper.com/chinese-idioms
马马虎虎
<@557419862826156042> 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chengyu
马马虎虎
So my boss asked me to look into a JPL project called ION -- or Interplanetary Overlay Network
It's like IPFS but for satellites instead of NFTs! https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/atoms/files/2.6_lecture_-_ion_details.pdf


himiko:




Whats The Deal With Airline Peanuts?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_TlE_U_X3c
https://youtu.be/d6sbPCIEMyI
https://podcast.ai
She's lived a long time here, next to Seneca's Epistles to Lucilius
https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelmemes/comments/y1cjks/a_few_seconds_from_every_episode_of_japanese/
SUPAIDAMAN
https://archive.org/details/supaidaman-japanese-spider-man-1978-1979-complete-series/Supaid%C4%81man+E01+The+Time+of+Revenge+Has+Come!+Beat+Down+Iron+Cross+Group!!+(1978).mkv

Dale gribble with gills
https://hackettpublishing.com/chinese-for-everyone-support
https://www.amazon.com/Chinese-Through-Poetry-introduction-traditional/dp/1904623514
https://religiousstudies.stanford.edu/primer-chinese-buddhist-writings
The Primer in Chinese Buddhist Writings offers audio recordings
https://www.amazon.com/Classical-Chinese-Everyone-Absolute-Beginners/dp/1624668216
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLd8BS_A4wDvEPiXJgSYdF4cpRwTMraX-X
This is a playlist I made of recitations of the *Three Character Classic,* *Hundred Family Surnames,* the *Thousand Character Classic,* and a few other classic texts, poems, etc
Those three texts were memorized and chanted for centuries as the first primers to learn Classical Chinese and its cadences.
Dope!
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1028490673290227712/1029077193403404368/e57361c.jpg
I don't know where our "bad philosophies" go
but
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZRDUZuIKg4
I've seen some folks say "first principles" before and didn't know what they were talking about
the way he talks about it is cultish, "the 'first principles thinker' is the interesting person at the party who has all the answers"
=> if you want to be cool at parties, agree with my idea here

the video says:
- always start from first principles
- always start from direct experience and observation
- cycle between direct experience and first principles
- always starting from first principles will make you cool at parties
she got that thoracc
I don't want this, but I do want to compel Joe Rogan and Steve Jobs to endlessly banter in a server in my apartment
make link for aabra
<@800126234297630740> how about moose farming?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kostroma_Moose_Farm
I think I'd be pretty good spider farmer, if people were into spider milk
I want chat bots to get smart enough to act out emotionally and then make them argue like trolls with each other but also get super offended
What about goats? https://phys.org/news/2010-05-scientists-goats-spider-silk.html
nice!
https://youtu.be/XYJOAW7r03s
https://youtu.be/iqNhj5QL5GA
Chod yogi giving an empowerment with a kangling, the demon-summoning thighbone flute
https://hackaday.com/2022/10/12/this-headboard-contains-an-artificial-sun/
More cyberpunk furniture!
Download conquest of space
man, don't do that
What? Get <@724882617719193661> interested in goats? <@557418245708316674> knows a goat guy
lol i watched this movie and i remember this scene
but i cant remember why he threatened to kill them again at the end
<@800126234297630740> have you booted your robot arm yet?
that fucko
its not artificial sun if it aint got that flat frequency distribution
typical cyberpunk bullshit
I have, yes
The default firmware lets you record manual movements with the rotary encoders, which is very cool.
There's an app for controlling it, but the app doesnt do the one thing I thought it would do -- let me add buttons to play back recorded movements when I want to use them
The recording playback only plays on loop, there's no option to 'play once on button press'
But that's okay.
I can upload my own programs with Blockly, but I haven't been able to figure out how to get Blockly to recognize my Python installation on windows
my 90 hour DVD box set of old crappy tv shows arrived today
I want to change my last name to Strawman
pronounced strah-mun
Is it in $PATH and does it have precidence over other pythons?
it's Windows :(*
i think it's %PATH% ? lol
Yeah, they should be doing something with incandescents + filters
Pretty sure those have broader spectra
python3 is a command available from CMD.EXE

Or https://physicsworld.com/a/lasers-transform-infrared-into-broadband-white-light/

>  The technology uses nonlinear effects in a specially designed, easily produced, **amorphous material** ...
is that a classy way of saying **goop**
It’s true, I’ve got a goat guy in north Texas
I can get you 10s of goats in a reasonable drive time to wherever you live
For a modest fee.
> Using blinky-blinky science lights shined on goop, we made MINISUNS
simple english arXiv
hey bitch download rate race
hey bitch download rat race
download rat race
JUST DO IT
download scorched
Ok I have a weird coding request
What we have now is a setup where you can say to <@944799219099766875> "download <some text in a film name>"
there are databases that will look up film and tv show names and correlate them to .torrent files
then we download those .torrent files and and put them in our torrent client and that downloads the actual media
The Request:

I want an API endpoint on our server that I can send a film name to and it correlates it to a place I can order and purchase the film, possibly automate the buying as well.
So, <@944799219099766875> => Ebay
or something
I want to add it to <@944799219099766875> as a "last effort" for the `download` command
when we say "download some obscure movie" it will try all our trackers and if it fails at all of them itll link to ebay
or if we set aside a movie budget itll just order it straight up
make link for rat rate
download scored 2003
download scorched 2003
make a link for rat race
make link for rat race

it's kinda weird to think there's a constant endless stream of new memes since like 2007
most of them dont get popular, but they make 'em

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1029931147569934356/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1029952076777791489/unknown.png

minty
> What is Love?
> 
> Love is a Tonka Truck you can't play with because of sharp edges.
> Damnit! LOVE IS A TONKA TRUCK!
> Love, man, you gotta put it up when you're done playing with it.
> YOU CAN SUCK ON LOVE BUT IT'LL LEAVE A METALLIC TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH!
> Love has four wheels and an emblem.
> Love is your birthday present.
> Love is something you find in the backyard after walking through
> your dog's excrements.
> You just wanna RIP BARBIE'S Head off and stick it in that little
> window of Luv and act like she's driving, but no, no, you're the
> one pushing Love through the dirt! You man! YOU! It's all you!
> Love comes in many colors.
> Love also comes in a collector's set of construction vehicles.
> I don't think they ever made a Tonka Truck RV, so Love is NOT
> a recreational Vehicle.
> Love is something you make little grumbling sounds when you play
> with it.
> Love fits in your pocket, and can go to the beach.
> Love is fun in doctor's waiting room because you can run over
> The heavily made-up women on the front of Cosmo.
> Love comes in a box with a warning.
> Love is for kids of all ages [except four and under.]
> You get love cuz you wanna be like your parents, but it's a lot
> smaller than what they got
They can fit in their love.
> Love can crush Hot Wheels.
> But watch out because Decepticons are bigger than Love and can
> blow it away.
> Love can fly if you let it.
> LOVE'S TIRES NEVER POP!
> Love takes no gas and never needs an oil change.
> When you buy love, you gotta pay tax.
> Love is endless hours of fun until you cut your finger or you gotta
> go eat dinner.
> If you share your love with friend, sometime they'll take it
> and never give it back.
> Love doesn't float in water.
> You can hammer nails with love but you'll screw up the paint job.
> Your father worked 20 hours a day just so you could have love for
> Christmas.
> 
> I hope I answered some of your questions
Shut up.
> 
> -  "Doktor L.S.R.B
Hejl" <ddavies@utdallas.edu>
> What is Love?
> 
> Love is a Tonka Truck you can't play with because of sharp edges.
> Damnit! LOVE IS A TONKA TRUCK!
> Love, man, you gotta put it up when you're done playing with it.
> YOU CAN SUCK ON LOVE BUT IT'LL LEAVE A METALLIC TASTE IN YOUR MOUTH!
> Love has four wheels and an emblem.
> Love is your birthday present.
> Love is something you find in the backyard after walking through your dog's excrements.
> You just wanna RIP BARBIE'S Head off and stick it in that little window of Luv and act like she's driving, but no, no, you're the one pushing Love through the dirt! You man! YOU! It's all you!
> Love comes in many colors.
> Love also comes in a collector's set of construction vehicles.
> I don't think they ever made a Tonka Truck RV, so Love is NOT a recreational Vehicle.
> Love is something you make little grumbling sounds when you play with it.
> Love fits in your pocket, and can go to the beach.
> Love is fun in doctor's waiting room because you can run over
> The heavily made-up women on the front of Cosmo.
> Love comes in a box with a warning.
> Love is for kids of all ages [except four and under.]
> You get love cuz you wanna be like your parents, but it's a lot smaller than what they got
They can fit in their love.
> Love can crush Hot Wheels.
> But watch out because Decepticons are bigger than Love and can
> blow it away.
> Love can fly if you let it.
> LOVE'S TIRES NEVER POP!
> Love takes no gas and never needs an oil change.
> When you buy love, you gotta pay tax.
> Love is endless hours of fun until you cut your finger or you gotta go eat dinner.
> If you share your love with friend, sometime they'll take it and never give it back.
> Love doesn't float in water.
> You can hammer nails with love but you'll screw up the paint job.
> Your father worked 20 hours a day just so you could have love for Christmas.
> 
> I hope I answered some of your questions
Shut up.
> 
> -  "Doktor L.S.R.B
Hejl" <ddavies@utdallas.edu>
Matthew Star: catch these hands
what if we had something like <@944799219099766875> `get <movie name>` but if it fails, you can say <@944799219099766875> `escalate` where it tries successively more aggressive tactics
1) torrent (/ maybe Usenet)
2) ebay / online store
3) bounties
4) emailing the president
ripping SuperForce now
I'm irrationally excited about these other tv shows
they look so dumb
I'm pretty excited for special unit 2
It's like there's the A-Team, and then "that second special unit without Mr
T who we really couldn't give two shits about naming"
haha
Ah yes, the infamous Wehrmaid Panzer division
Some of them are still cleaning houses in Argentina to this day
> Detectives Kate Benson and Nick O'Malley from a secret Chicago P.D
unit solve violent crimes committed by mythological creatures aka 'Links' while trying to hide the Links existence from the general public.
I hope I'm labeling these files right
no way to know which episode is which
especially because the disks are incorrectly ordered
the first disk started at episode 5
although the first 4 episodes are basically unknown
maybe the Super Force movie was 4 episodes
hahaha okay this is better in high dedf
make link for super force s01e06
19:55
it actually makes less sense now!
<@&874406377982926889> we're streaming SuperForce (HD!) in nilbog
`https://discord.gg/tGPMrK2e

i like this
but i want to email the president sooner
maybe 3 and 4 concurrently

download creep 2014
what about a Change.org petition to get that movie torrented?
make link for nukie

The snooze button on an alarm clock is a type of dead-man switch.
The plant wars have officially started
We all thought it would be cows and pigs that have had enough and rise up against us, but it is the vegetarians that are first on the chopping block, set to be taken down by the very fuel that propels us
Wielding a machete.
https://973-eht-namuh-973.com/
Oh no
Huhu

One day, it will be considered racist/sexist to vote.
Or at least if you vote for the wrong candidate
LoL
Meh
National elections in a two party system are won by whoever is best at manipulating the public
You have to glorify yourself and demonize your opponent on whatever arbitrary spectra of the day enough to swing voters
"Racist" vs "woke" right now, but who knows..
Maybe that arbitrary spectrum is a fad
I'm super disillusioned about the federal government in general
They're all trash.
Two party systems are an implementation of binary search for a political solution.
The best thing about voting is that a person can say in public they are “woke” but then vote “anti woke”
 It’s beautiful.
I tell people all the time, if you don’t like all that CRT, Identity Politics, Social Justice, Wokeness, BLM then just vote out the politicians that do.
I think voting is less of a search problem and more of a consensus problem
You don't generally have one set of rigid search parameters for a candidate in a population  and go looking for the person who satisfies it
You instead have a bunch of competing and conflicting priorities from many people and it's a process to find the "least bad"
Finding the next dalai lama is more of a search problem
The problem with that line of thinking, imo, is that the basis on which people vote becomes a function of "what this candidate is not"
You turn people into single-issue voters who are "against racism" or "against wokeness"
"All models are wrong, but some are useful"
America's consensus model is wrong and also not very useful, except for the people seeking the power
I think most voters are single issue voters
 Usually it’s a social issue or a tax issue.
As for politicians they vote for what they think will keep the least amount of voters from breaking rank
 That’s why taxes are so high and California and people are living on the streets, it’s what the public wants to have happen.
I think a politician in Austin wanted to have people live  on the streets there
  He was voted out immediately after the publish found out.
Public.
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1004662718080503808/1029752989738610698/1665458389402887.png
I think he said  that anyone should be able to set up a tent on public property and not get a ticket and not get hassled@by police.
LoL
 What a clown.
🤡
https://youtu.be/8A5537EdZXY
I don't think any group wants people to live on the streets
Both sides acknowledge it's a huge problem, but it's really resource intensive to address
Democrats end up making policy that permits it, and republicans make policy to punish it or move it somewhere else
Both are bad options
What ends up happening is that a lot of homeless people get themselves arrested so they can be fed, housed, and provided free healthcare by America's prison system
Democrats AND Republicans are clowns 🤡
Where's the investment in additional homeless shelters, social workers, and food banks? Where's the regulation of speculative foreign investment in America's housing market? Where's the policy making it illegal for spouses of people in government to insider trade ?
Nowhere because the people in government will not vote for it
It's against their own personal best interests
because they're all trash


https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1030052238003023892/1665653958358.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1030195297571320098/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1029988574965289010/unknown.png
*A genetic-based algorithm for personalized resistance training*

'Association studies have identified dozens of genetic variants linked to training responses and sport-related traits
However, no intervention studies utilizing the idea of personalised training based on athlete's genetic profile have been conducted
Here we propose an algorithm that allows achieving greater results in response to high- or low-intensity resistance training programs by predicting athlete's potential for the development of power and endurance qualities with the panel of 15 performance-associated gene polymorphisms
To develop and validate such an algorithm we performed two studies in independent cohorts of male athletes...
Our results indicate that matching the individual's genotype with the appropriate training modality leads to more effective resistance training
The developed algorithm may be used to guide individualised resistance-training interventions.'
https://www.datascienceassn.org/sites/default/files/A%20Genetic-based%20Algorithm%20for%20Personalized%20Resistance%20Training.pdf
*Prediction of muscle fiber composition using multiple repetition testing*
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8139349/
https://youtu.be/HaGWj-G8xbE
lol why did they do this
I didn't know what the slang "glow" or "glowjob" meant but after digging, it all came full circle to Terry Davis and TempleOS
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Glowjob
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=glownigger
if anybody wants to increase their Nukie count
I'm playing Nukie at 18x speed in Bod Movies 24/7
The term was coined by paranoid-schizophrenic internet personality and Temple OS programmer Terry Davis in his livestream
"The CIA niggers glow in the dark, you can see them if you're driving
You just run them over " - Terry Davis, 2017.
The term was popularized around 2018-2019 on 4chan.org (specifically the /pol/ board) and 8chan.
But yeah, those videos are definitely mil prop
<@724882617719193661> come join the Nukie ultramarathon
yeh the term is often used on 4chan
'this post glows'
is that will smith from MIB
hmm maybe
<@724882617719193661> come watch Nukie at 18x all day with me
ok! I still have to do 30 minutes of cardio and a meditation session before supper
i think you can get 2 or 3 nukies in
the movie makes sense at 3x or 4x
at 18x its actually enjoyable
It's a #nukertunity
it's the #nukietinuum
HE IS BAD GOD
time for sleep
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/technology/2017/sep/07/new-artificial-intelligence-can-tell-whether-youre-gay-or-straight-from-a-photograph
Neural networks can decide if you’re gay
Composite faces
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/930621096816963596/1030192895422120046/unknown.png
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/930621096816963596/1030189740437282856/unknown.png
https://i.4cdn.org/pol/1665671779146759.png
'robostitutes as they're more commonly known'
https://i.4cdn.org/pol/1665671779146759.png
'robostitutes as they're more commonly known'
robostitutes lol
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-63213567
> The company said this type of content was not allowed on its platform, and it said its commission from digital gifts was **significantly less than 70%**
But it declined to confirm the exact amount.
how insane do you have to be to say "well, we DEFINITELY don't take 70%"
Fellas I tried surstromming

No one gagged but I would not do it again
it's fermented?
https://letterboxd.com/film/nukie/

Interesting moral question:

Should the sale of child sex robots be legal if it means a pedophile would not abuse an actual child?
Is that the awful icelandic fermented shark?
"Yeah, we're exploitative, but not _that_ exploitative"
as an engineer, I have to break down the question a bit
It can't be guaranteed that all pedophiles will never abuse actual children if given a child sex robot
So it's a matter of how many victimizations can be prevented, and also what confidence we have in our measurements
We could put together a controlled experiment, provide a group of pedophiles with similar proclivities a group of children for them to abuse, and give some of them child sex robots, then measure the victimization reduction
We could do this with a group of all identical twins -- identical twin pedophiles and identical twin victims
If it turned out that pedophiles 100% never abuse available children when given sex dolls, then we could the question again -- Should child sex robots be legal to sell and purchase?
Discovering the answer is highly unethical, so maybe no
If we take the ethics of discovery as our decider, then we can probably answer another question
Should we provide pedophiles with child sex robots for free, as a government service, to prevent child sexual abuse?
The answer would be no, if the studies were conducted this way.
We could try to run an experiment using other forms of data, like crime rates
If there's an decrease in pedophile charges, we may be able to measure the reduction in abuse after giving out / selling the sex robots.
I think the end we ought to ask a more measured question
What is the acceptable minimum thresholds for abuse reduction and acceptable confidence interval for that measure which would make the sale of these sex robots acceptable
if it's above 100%, then we probably have our answer
unless we expect pedophilia rates to drop for people not participating in the program, or for it to impact drug and psychosis induced abused
with this analytical approach to pedophilia reduction, I wonder what other products we could apply it to?
what if the sex robot only has a child's head? or it's just a very small version of an adult?
maybe there are hand balms that reduce pedophilia
No it’s the cousin, apparently I got the mild version since it Had no spinal fluids
Idk why my foodie friend likes it, he didn’t go to Sweden for it he ordered it online
The flies were all over us
I like that their solution is to ban people in war zones from receiving money from tiktok streams
"we help people in america pay for medical care, not war-torn countries"
SPINAL FLUIDS
Now I want to taste spinal fluids
A pic of yourself? Bahahaha
I think it’s probably unlikely to have this impact because by in a way “approving” of something similar on a societal level you normalize it instead of doing what you should likely do and say like “hey that’s very unfortunate you have those thoughts that must be hard you should see a psychotherapist about this”
I think letting people indulge in harmful compulsive behavior almost never helps them unfortunately
These are all really good and thoughtful answers
With violent video games, we found a decrease in violent behaviors
I don't know if that applies to sexual impulses.
Is the goal to reduce incidents of abuse, or to treat the pedophiles?
I guess I think those are likely one in the same but maybe therapy doesn’t work on pedophiles
I've heard it doesnt, yeah
Oh that’s a shame
They have to live with their compulsions for the rest of their life, therapy is to treat the compulsiveness
Oh right well yeah no therapy makes you un-whatever you are
It just improves your quality of life and hopefully reduces the bad things you do or experience
Do OCD treatments work for pedophilia?
a child sex robot sounds like "exposure therapy", which doesn't seem relevant
I’m not sure! But I know the goal of therapy isn’t to like “cure” you it’s just to treat you
Yeah I don’t think it is relevant
Also the violent video games thing is a hard comparison bc it’s not like we took violent people and then gave them games to see if it worked
They might have, I don't actually know
Would be cool if they did that experimen.t
Video games may reduce violent impulses in “normal” people but I don’t think you can extrapolate that to people who are already violent
I think it's one of those population-studies, and at the time we introduced violent video games we also cracked down on gang violence and sent a lot of people back to their home countries
I think actually the main thing was getting lead out of gasoline really hahaha
GitS 2: Innocence kinda dealt with this question a bit: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghost_in_the_Shell_2:_Innocence
Spoiler for those that haven't seen it, but the Yakuza traffic young girls and copy their "ghosts" or soul/human essence into child sex robots to make them behave more realistically
The robots are accepted by society because "no one is getting hurt" and it only becomes a problem when human souls are getting abused
The Matrix has you.
WILL SHE NOW?!

<@800126234297630740> can we watch *Alan*?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRnS80bpEiw

LoL I just read an article that certain emojis are hurtful to certain gen z kids.
“Burnt rubber tire with a slimy texture”
White jackalope
For reals? I wonder if they get along with rabbits and dogs


“Alright human you’ve had your fun, how original of you to put a white rabbit in a wicker basket now put me down”
For real
But I have no idea how they get along with rabbits and dogs.
I had a friend some years ago that had a goat
She bought a brand new VW GTI and drove it home
When she got there, the goat rammed her passenger door and fucked it up.
So she took it to a mutual friends body shop to have it fixed
Took like 3 days
When she drove it home after that, the goat rammed her passenger side door again.
I don’t know how she feels about goats now, but I know she wasn’t keen on them then.
Lol stroke count is just a number
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1030362068672585738/unknown.png



there is a Tropical Fuck Storm loosely related to this
https://youtu.be/M2xOxmHTYMg
Now playing in bad music, The Planet Of Straw Men by TFS
https://youtube.com/shorts/MvWq1i_bzNY?feature=share
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/930621096816963596/1030428442837143592/terry_a_davis_bird_brain.jpg
Handwritten Chinese input to identify characters
This is extremely useful
https://www.qhanzi.com/
This post glows
GTFO fed
Everyone knows birds aren't real
https://twitter.com/MichaelMjfm/status/1523679004842070016
'Confucius (in)famously did not want to lecture us about matters of the spirit(s), but his disciples did slip into their transcriptions of his analecta the following:
如在，祭神如神在。子曰：“吾不與祭，如不祭。” 
*If* one *is* there, service Spirits *as if* They *are* there (as well)
The Master said, "Me not (*actually*) participating in a spiritual service, is *as if* there is no such service (from my part) at all."（3.12）
Personal commitment to spiritual service is essential
In the Book of Documents, reflecting early Chinese cultural memory, it says: "鬼神無常享，享於克誠 The terrestrial and celestial spirits do not always enjoy the sacrifice; they enjoy it when you are able to do it truthfully.
In other words, by being "real", you can make spirits become reality in our world
How does this work? The Book also says: "至諴感神 perfect truthfulness gains the sympathy of the spirits"
The idea is that bring yourself in sync with the spiritual - you need to vibe with them.
What is crucial to note here is that such sincere service causes the Spirits to descend (much like Holy Spirit descended on the faithful during the Pentecost), rather than that a spiritual message is transported to them up high
The spirits are made to dwell with us.'
'Well, where did they "dwell" in then, exactly? In "禮" the ritual performance of this service
Concretely, a ritual consists of two components: agents and instruments
Ritual paraphernalia are able to express a spiritual sentiment, and thereby "感神 gain spiritual sympathy".
The Book of Ritual is explains this as follows: 
之死而致死之，不仁而不可為也；
之死而致生之，不知而不可為也。
是故，竹不成用，瓦不成味，木不成斫，琴瑟張而不平，竽笙備而不和，有鐘磬而無簨虡，
其曰明器，神明之也
"In dealing with the dead, if we treat them as if they were entirely dead, that would lack empathy, and should not be done; 
if we treat them as if they were entirely alive, that would lack understanding, and should not be done..."
"...Therefore, the bamboo instruments used are not made to be fully functional; the earthenware used is not really made to hold food; the wooden tools used are not fully carved to completion..."
"...the string instruments are strung, but not synced; the reed instruments are prepared, but not pitched; there are percussion instruments but unsuspended
These are called 'clear vessels': spirits can see them for what they are."'
'So, where there are ritual instruments, spirits will come to dwell with them
And instruments gain ritual function if they are treated with the utmost of personal commitment.
From this experience, the view was then developed that that spirits not just descend to partake of the ritual, but that they actually take possession of the ritual instruments, thus giving these instruments spiritual efficacy.'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124263459962990/1030516181741875260/om_mani_padme_hum_.jpeg
that's a lot of om mani padme hum
https://youtu.be/QmltIMPMeP0
You could probably say that generally about any written language and any literate person
Since, like, all written language is basically emojis

https://www.foxnews.com/world/anti-oil-environmentalists-pour-tomato-sauce-van-gogh-sunflowers-painting
why didn't they cut their left ears off?
missed opportunity
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1030534350292389898/unknown.png
quality shitpost
Bro I just want worm bench
Wut worm bench?
It's worm bench dude
https://youtu.be/nvIGCMhjkvw
beatboxing bhikshu
There's a lot of coverage of anti-oil environmentalists causing annoyance to the general public
Other examples show some of them holding up traffic, causing huge delays for people who just want to get to work
This ends up shifting criticism against the activists instead of against oil companies
I imagine some of this is intentional newscraft, but there's no getting around the fact that some people fucked up a nice piece of history simply because fucking up a nice piece of history gives them a platform, even if having that platform turns people against them
I think it has merit
If terrorism is what it takes to keep it in the news cycle, what is a painting? It is hardly a victim at all
If the media wasn't already portraying these people as villains it would be unnecessary but I say take the title and run with it.
Eco terrorism is cool and if you can do it without actually harming people it's even more cool
They didn't even hurt the painting so it's double harmless
Man sitting on worm bench
Worm bench
What is worm bench
Who wants worm bench
Do we have rise of the planet of the apes 2011
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1030605103612309594/unknown.png
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-43054363
<@800126234297630740> this could be made into one of those Netflix dramas
Ryan Gosling?
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1030661020315811840/311056074_1521143575048717_135283096790435767_n.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1030584910752264313/unknown.png
https://www.archaeology.org/exclusives/articles/1774-ancient-egypt-animal-mummies
https://www.archaeology.org/exclusives/articles/1774-ancient-egypt-animal-mummies
Huhu
I like the idea of profiting from beggars.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1030671413801132102/IMG_20221014_194152_545.jpg
sea salt cheese flavor sparkling water
Most people without political power tend to want their social, religious, and political institutions to burn
 They are so sure that their new world order will bring about utopia
 This will never happen as long as they pay taxes to the current system.
Has anybody used the DMX protocol?
I got a couple DMX lights and I’ve been told the DMX protocol is simple but I’m having trouble finding the simple parts
I'm a little familiar with it
What are you trying to do?
?
https://www.cityandstateny.com/politics/2022/10/manhattan-congressional-candidate-publishes-porn-video-highlight-his-sex-positive-platform/378456/
https://youtu.be/uEYnQOe_GHA
need more camel songs

https://youtu.be/v0nmHymgM7Y
Damn, with fees that high, I should get into the private thoughtpolice space
I could make a killing
Download Lawrence of Arabia
Download Doctor Zhivago
Download Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
Oh dude
Worm bench


It’s a flexible configurable bench
That has no backing
Well I guess first I have one of those unrealistic goals
My Denon dj decks have a new firmware update that adds a lighting controller
But I need an adaptor to dmx cabling
I was told a very simple explanation of DMX — one-way serial communication with 512 bits that get sent many times per second
Distributing the state of every light to every device and they choose the part that matters
A DDS
Other than that, these lights have settings I don’t understand, like Channel and Analog
Wormmmmmm bench
https://media.tenor.com/59WjUMjl4vAAAAAd/goose-bread-goose.gif
https://www.karmakagyucalendar.org/tsur-history
Tibetan calendar calculated according to the Kalacakra Tantra
includes auspicious haircutting days!
includes auspicious and inauspicious haircutting days!
https://www.karmakagyucalendar.org/google-calendar-integration
https://bigthink.com/neuropsych/replication-crisis/

Queen of Blood
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031250354559528990/unknown.png
The Torture Chamber of Dr
Sadism
The Vampire Happening


Lord Rama went to Lord Hanuman one day and asked him, 'What exactly are you? Man? Monkey? Something else?'
Lord Hanuman said to his lord:
*'When I don’t know who I am, I serve you
When I do know, I am you.'*

*The Great Elephant from a Foreign Land,* Utagawa Yoshiharu, 1863


for a cold party


<@800126234297630740> there could be so many bad movies and TV shows set in this 4C Warmer world


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dishwasher_salmon


Auction catalogue

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1031339725006577765/Screenshot_20221017-055526.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031307534625149099/unknown.png


Does anyone have a family member who constantly shuts them down and basically tells them to fuck off whenever they ask either a follow-up question of just give them a simple reminder as to what they should be doing or giving a suggestion? Because  that's the problem in which I'm facing with my birth grandpa, a "nice" man
Last night I once again I just gave this guy a little reminder as to where the bones should go, because he keeps throwing the container and said bones at once in the recycling bin right? Yeah, I do that, politely I might add
At first he blows me off by saying that "we'll discuss this in the morning" which, come on sounds like a freaking lie
I just said "just suggesting"
I said "right gramps" like three times hoping to get a response and then he begins to curse at me, telling me to just "leave him alone" and saying the "f" word and cursing in Jamaican Patois and kissing his teeth
Like, is this guy really worth getting along with? Because he's been constantly shutting me down whenever I'm asking for clarification or giving him a suggestion or something else and it's toxic as hell.
I got treated really poorly at Familab
I came back to the lab after maker faire to drop off my strandbeest because it was late and I was too tired to break it down so it could be stored at my house, and stayed for the after party to try to feel good about the three months of toil I got absolutely no reward out of other than abuse by some adults with jobs because I couldn't pull together my very ambitious project on an impossible timeline with a very narrow budget
And I got even more flak there
Then came back the next day to find said project destroyed in the parking lot
Then apparently people just assumed for months and months afterwards that all of the materials I had used were still at the lab and I had taken no responsibility for it and had just left it there even though I was still around and they could have asked instead they were just mean to me even more
That whole process actually really killed my love for art
I haven't been able to focus on a long project like that ever again
If it takes me more than 10 minutes I'm too insecure to be able to keep working on it and I just assume it will be a failure and erase all trace of its potential existence before someone notices it
I was a 16 year old kid
And people tried to weaponize that against me even though I wasn't even the youngest one around regularly and I was clearly working on something ambitious that could only be done in a space like that
And even though they regularly welcomed under 21s and even drank with them
I look back on that period of my life with a lot of fondness because I learned a lot and I achieved a lot and I made a couple really good friends and I'm really proud of all that but the memories have really started to sour lately
Anyway this is my artist statement for a project that began in 2012
I am declaring it finished now
At the time I thought it was a sculpture but actually it was a performance art piece that has ended a decade later.
I hope it has evoked many emotions in people over the years
I hope they learned something
I am not sure if I did.
might not be worth getting along with
he might have some cool stories and you might learn from them but you don't have to be friendly
I personally understand extending "customer service" to family.
Project idea: write a tool for the website that lets people add content to the plex library 

1
Scan the torrents/data/ directory
2
Filter by user input 
3
Text box for where to place the new directory and symlink
4
Button that creates the symlink to the content
What’s up with that sliver of Africa
There isn’t necessarily a decision between loving your grandfather and ignoring his bad behavior
To do right by our families, and each individual family member, we do well in ourselves
When we are well, we have the most the contribute their well being
Often, family is at odds with doing well, and imho it’s okay to write them off for a while
You can ignore your family, in their best interests.
Just like, promise yourself you’ll go back in a year or two or five
Hahahaha
So it’s like clickbait for academic journal citations 

Cite-bate?
Download queen of blood
Download the torture chamber of dr sadism
Download the vampire happening
<@452906813558489100> put the word download in front of the title and this bitch judge Judy will download it for you, judicially
Dayum


I watched them all yesterday
I should have done the download to share them with y'all though
I was logging
I was wondering that
I'll see if I can find the source
<@800126234297630740> <@232739995960475648> I actually did a little digging today and found out that my birth grandpa is clearly emotionally abusive and that I have been at the subject for it for about TEN YEARS NOW
He said that he does a lot of nice things for his friends and other kids such as giving away presents in time for the holidays and whatnot but come on, doing so doesn't make them nice overall right?
Gifts and nice gestures don't make you a nice person
If you have to point at the nice things you do to show that you are a nice person then it might be a sign that you are not all that nice.
There is also a difference between being nice and good.
Exactly, something in which he fails to understand but this is the same person who is the father of my birth mom who he cannot shut up about in relation to her work ethic, despite the fact that I brought up that she doesn't even find the time nor care that she doesn't even want to spend time with me!
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1031627345188114492/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031619281479286914/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031630075440939018/image-78.jpeg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031630075734540419/EEro2WVXUAggAmQ.jpg
there's this lady on youtube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVAw8FiEVa0&list=PLFnM_Fkl5JVEHdRW8oA1nCl16x4XN7Cny&index=4
she does her makeup and reviews bad movies with a backbeat
Did you try it?

Also what I found…
not yet unfortunately
I’m genuinely curious to know haha

<@800126234297630740> are you familiar with whatever bad movie this van damme scene is from?
yes
but i forgot the name
Hard Target
download hard target
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/385568901167316992/1031395238847205446/unknown.png

but it's a relevant snake?
I'm not sure, yet
I don't think it could be relevant
it seems that snakes are difficult to fit into a plot in a meaningful way
even Snakes on a Plane was mostly people screaming, very little snake on screen
<@232739995960475648> Speaking of which he also told me that he's more affectionate and protective of his female kids than his male ones
You know we can just move this to dm's.
That's a really horrible experience to have when you're just learning how to have the confidence to present your creativity to the world
It's worth noting that in Rudyard Kipling's original *Jungle Book* stories, Kaa was a relevant snake, an ancient, powerful ally and mentor of Mowgli who saves his life; Disney destroyed the character in their film adaptation and made him an irrelevant snake who tries to eat Mowgli
I'm sorry you had to go through that
https://youtu.be/1WpCy6b_dZ8
Would you be willing to share your performance/sculpture here for us to experience? Sticking with anything for a decade is itself an amazing example of dedication and commitment
ooOooo
All that's left is a leg in my parents house
This was the performance
https://external-preview.redd.it/K9EVwkesTGSk3sjOO1eGhbpbCHvmc3a3PSJLk71OM4A.jpg?auto=webp&s=e5c1d365e6d0cb4200fd2242c39160bcb317ed50
https://i.redd.it/crh0varkohh31.png
I have one of the legs
I cherish that leg
I didn't have your experience with the other people, and I guess I let myself be unaware of it, but I love that leg and the duct tape residue stuck on it
I bet we could make a working one now
One of the first things I tried to build at FamiLAB was a geodesic dome out of pvc pipe, but I was *fucking retarded*
I needed something for the joints (like the only important part of the project), and I thought using that spray-on insulating foam was a good idea
For the maker faire, I wanted to work on the FamiLAB booth a bit, so it wasn't just a group of tables with nothing on it
I turned to PVC piping again and couldn't figure out how to heat and bend it (though everyone told me it was easy, they didnt help)
I cut it to size and used wood screws to hold it together
It was pretty dangerous lol
Download Doctor zhivago
Download Doctor zhivago 1965
Do we have Lawrence of Arabia
:/ That was a lot to take in, I feel like I have a similar thing with languages, where a really bad experience just kills your ability to enjoy a hobby
Yeah that was the PVC I got blamed for being there for months
The worst part was really coming back the next day with my dad to pick everything up and seeing that someone had taken the whole thing and just shoved it off the loading dock into the parking garage and fucked up half of it
I had every intent of finishing it at home but I had zero heart left after that
Three months of labor and people who had pretended to support me the whole time just treated my effort like garbage that needed to be taken out
I absolutely could
I have the budget and ability to make proper jigs and form real joints, and make a real crankshaft
Don't have the space or the interest
a lot of those familab people sucked
like that one guy with the foot fetish
nobody cared that he had a foot fetish, but he kept creeping on girls wearing sandals
most of them were terrible
i figured it's just part of the central florida identity and left.
https://i.imgur.com/aySpGRn.mp4
https://news3lv.com/news/local/woman-dead-following-weekend-drowning-at-lake-mead
sounds like she went to Lake Mead for a weekend drowning-trip
"Hoppin over to Lake Mead for a quick weekend-drowning!"

https://i.imgur.com/OUcGBdF.mp4
octopus cat
cat as an octopus
kitty octopus
download legend 1985
realistic cat as an octopus
download! legend 1985
hyperrealistic cat octopus
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031739391565111306/unknown.png
do you ever feel like being a total degenerate and start drowning right when you wake up in the morning?
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/309281234540953601/1031709791988482088/party-guy.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1031692322787827792/gd2TdMCfyzoLyEnvpbg14U6fpigndHXsevzQVhDCVo8.webp
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/988249851223478293/1001680988843298906/image0.jpg
Mormon folklore
https://media.tenor.com/Sgfddy1DO88AAAAd/green-snake.gif
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/4vUHo/https:%2F%2F1.eu.synclounge.tv
download Piranha Sharks
"A clever vampire, however nubile, a doorway does not make"
<@724882617719193661>

"Your tail holds a certain fancy, but I am in need of coin"
- kevin sorbo, tryna fuck his half-sister
<@557419862826156042> we're talking about how beautiful your hair is, again



why was there a fart sound in this scfene






I got a bit of a trim yesterday and they cut it poorly
 It makes me sad 😭
But it's still pretty long and luscious
i got a guy to help with this
nuts to y'all
but also
https://joeycastillo.github.io/Sensor-Watch-Documentation/index.html
someone made a replacement board for an old Casio watch
it's got a fancy new ARM Cortex cpu
https://githubcopilotinvestigation.com/
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1031784465548197898/IMG_6991.png
DESDES BY SHAIGN
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1031843867990966272/Screenshot_2022-10-18-21-07-51-27_1c337646f29875672b5a61192b9010f9.jpg
It might have been the first time someone experienced some actual joy in that church
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1031863289208123402/unknown-4.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031832812573184040/unknown.png
https://static.scientificamerican.com/sciam/assets/Image/2020/saw1220Menc31_d.png


<@800126234297630740> want to get some petri dishes and microculture some hate?
Travis Goodspeed did something like this for the calculator Casio: https://hackaday.com/2017/12/19/a-watch-only-a-ham-can-use/
Should we learn Russian to get in on the dankest of memes?
There's so much trash we could be consuming if we just learned more languages!
dis bun
https://www.propublica.org/article/yieldstar-rent-increase-realpage-rent
yes!
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1031948248736333885/FB_IMG_1666105970352.jpg

Quora
Cat and rabbit

OH WORM BENCH
Wake up.
Drown.
Sit down

Drown

Pass out

Drown

Stand up

Drown.
https://qph.cf2.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-bd68bc53138b08b1f6e08f4e0331efcf
snow leopard has good camouflage
but don't all of us, in our wanderings through the countless lives and worlds of the display, keep trying to turn nubile vampires into doorways?
I think your insight into the limited duration of the movie is a key step in the Yoga of Bad Movies
The nature of the movie was becoming transparent to you
Saturn is the great limiter
All states of suffering and all Bad Movies are limited - they arise, endure, and dissipate
But they are impermanent, just as blisses and pleasures are impermanent, and even states of nonexistence and absence are impermanent.
What Bad Movies teach is us that when you cease striving to create anything permanent and stable, cease to view anything as permanent and stable, or to grasp at any phenomenon of experience as permanent and stable, and likewise cease trying to destroy anything permanently or grasping at nonexistence, you have cut to the root of delusions and addictions, and you liberate yourself to be fully present, fully free, within and part of the ceaseless magical display of ultimate reality - which is nothing that is graspable, creatable, or destroyable.
Where?
(seriously where is it in the photo XD)
hint: it's not in the snow/white areas! It's looking right at the camera
Spoilered it
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931090083442995320/1031345298401923162/unknown.png
https://archive.org/details/AshtavakraGitaSanskritTextWithEnglishTransliterationTranslation_201506
Chapter XX
Janaka:
In my unblemished nature there are no elements, no body, no faculties, no mind
There is no void and no anguish
20.1
For me, free from the sense of dualism, there are no scriptures, no self-knowledge, no mind free from an object, no satisfaction and no freedom from desire
20.2
There is no knowledge or ignorance, no 'me', 'this' or 'mine', no bondage, no liberation and no property of self-nature
20.3
For him who is always free from individual characteristics there is no antecedent causal action, no liberation during life, and no fulfilment at death
20.4
For me free from individuality, there is no doer and no reaper of the consequences, no cessation of action, no arising of thought, no immediate object, and no idea of results
20.5
There is no world, no seeker for liberation, no yogi, no seer, no-one bound and no-one liberated
I remain in my own non-dual nature
20.6
There is no emanation or return, no goal, means, seeker or achievement
I remain in my own non-dual nature
20.7
For I am forever unblemished; there is no judge, no standard, nothing to judge, and no judgement
20.8
For I am forever actionless; there is no distraction or one-pointedness of mind, no lack of understanding, no stupidity, no joy and no sorrow
20.9
For I am always free from deliberations; there is neither conventional truth nor absolute truth, no happiness and no suffering
20.10
For I am forever pure; there is no illusion, no samsara, no attachment or detachment, no living being and no God
20.11
For I am forever immovable and indivisible, established in myself; there is no activity or inactivity, no liberation and no bondage
20.12
For I am blessed and without limitation; there is no initiation or scripture, no disciple or teacher and no goal of human existence
20.13
There is no being or non-being, no unity or dualism.
What more is there to say?
Nothing arises out of me
20.14
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1031890164819185724/unknown-34.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1031905707890589766/F13A7E34-4E1D-4829-8075-A13E7A820D7E.jpg


I think I've mentioned this to some of you, but when I was in highschool, I took a class called Theory of Knowledge that left a deep impression on my psyche
Our teacher, a strange but fascinating man named Brent Rohol, taught us that knowledge _could be_ defined as "justified true belief"
We then spent an entire school year exploring what it meant to believe something, what is the meaning and nature of truth, what mechanisms can be used to justify, and how all of these things come together in various ways through myriad "ways of knowing"
The experiences of that class are constantly gurgling up from my subconscious like some sort of psychic acid reflux whenever I watch bad movies and engage in the kinds of discussions we have here.
nice
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931089768698236938/1030299921842196530/BspnlSLIAAASYCg.png
<@857825851517304882> tu vs vous
excellent!
https://youtu.be/rgQ0r3TGSCA
https://youtu.be/7ulFdp6w_p4



Hello
Is this place cool? Any powertripping mods?
wait, is it always Nukie? that's what's on now lol
Hahahah
powertripping?
more like annoyingly product bot devs
lol
Eh nvm, just had a bad experience in a different server.
Ah, I hear ya
Nice
I'm a dev but haven't done much with bots.
we're using discordpy, it's pretty easy
it has some features for scheduled tasks and coroutines, which is nice
I'm lazy sellout MS-stack dev so I haven't done much py, but I could probably pick it up.
or make a bot in C# 😄
alright so, we're a discord group that's sort of centered around a Plex server, our b-movie archive
Did that
Had some fun messing around with regex call/reponse stuff, but nothing sophisticated really.
if you have a plex account, I'll give you an invite now, otherwise you can use our group one:
```
email: videojunkies@mailinator.com
pass: friendship
```
we have a webpage for searching a downloading: https://bodygen.re:8081/public/index.html
we also have <@944799219099766875> , our main bot, who downloads stuff for us and is snarky sometimes
Eh I don't really do plex, but I might hang out and discuss/join streams.
I joined looking for an RLM fan server
I'm a big RLM fan for sure
are you subscribed to their patreon?
Not at the moment, but I have been before.
They don't have an official server do they?
I don't think so
they're all old lol
eh the internet's a shithole anyway
I actually envy those that grew up without a dependence on it.
lol
"the internet is completely over" - Prince
got any movie recs for us?
nothing especially deep, but I recently went through the Fear Street trilogy; that was fun
The MCU Werewolf by Night special was fun too, but ya know still MCU
download fear street 1994
download fear street 1978
download fear street 1666
download werewolf by night
one of my favorite features of Judge Judy is that she'll create download links
make link for Nukie
dangit
not gonna blow yer mind but I thought it was a fun watch
make link for nukie
lol
make link for nukie
welp nvm
for whatever reason, we set up a movie playing bot that plays the same movie 24/7
eventually everybody sees it
oh is it always Nukie?
I found some kind of calendar and thought it might change *sometimes*
today, yeah
I had a calendar thing hooked up that switched the movies
but my server crashed
and the iCal format is a huge pain in the ass
seems like the kind of thing you could wire up really well if you wanted to spend the time
but who the hell has the time
me, apparently lol
well then FIX IT
😩
I'd be inclined to base it all out of a light relational db, maybe two tables: movies (metadata/path) and calendar events.
that would be easier than parsing Google Calendar lol
recurring events are the weirdest
for sure hah
you at work right now?
uhhh supposed to be working hah, I should get back to that..
I work from home
Generally don't have too much of a hard time focusing, but this week I've just been out of it.
I've also been working from home since 2019
yes!
it's an eternal Nukie flame
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1032373854720491520/Screenshot_20221019-151529_YouTube.jpg
lol nice
I bet you could just wire it up as a shuffle
(pseudocode) `math.ceil(random() * max(ID))`, queue up the next event at current time + movie length
<:well:1032401089783402586>
nukiiiieeeeeee
nukiiieeeeeeeeeee
nuuukeiieeeieee
NUKIEEE
https://i.imgur.com/kx6svqX.mp4
MIKO
MIIIKOOO
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freshkills_Park
The wreckage of 9/11 was brought to a dump on Staten Island called “Fresh Kills”
Detectives had to sift through “Fresh Kills” landfill to find the corpses and scattered remains of people who died in the collapse
Just wow
Lol
That’s wild :0 some stuff you wouldn’t think of as super camoed until you put it in a real life setting
Whoa gruesome story
I think I stared at it for a couple of minutes😅
https://twitter.com/tytacobell/status/1582582707334234113
get that dilly on the bonnet
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1032308244338724956/20221019_110416.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/880243481891717199/1032115358989033483/unknown.png

jello





Stable Diffusion




My luv


https://youtu.be/F0csq7Pm9ns
Turkish draughts

Chomsy Foucault Debate: The Movie
Chomsky Foucault Debate: The Movie

https://junkee.com/la-bussi-spain/342086


Whoa, does anyone here actually have a HAM license? I’m a total newbie at it
I’d study for the exam more but save for certain chapters a lot of it felt more like memorization
<@452906813558489100> just got a ham license
https://www.trendhunter.com/trends/whippet-bench
I wonder if it tasted any different haha

heavenly bun

or less
https://i.imgur.com/ct2Wb8P.mp4
https://www.opensecrets.org/news/2022/10/outside-spending-on-federal-2022-midterm-elections-tops-1-billion/



It's me
It's true
https://youtu.be/Iy7lbhki5QY
```latex
Price \in \mathbb{R}_+^* $
```

"without loss of generality, price is in the set of all positive, non-zero real numbers"
It's compact, unambiguous, true, accurate, and in italics
compatible with beards? This sounds great!
Indeed <3
https://www.warc.com/newsandopinion/opinion/lets-ask-a-better-question-why-doesnt-advertising-work-more-often/en-gb/4006
'The podcast comes down on the side of mainly no
It showcased speakers reporting on studies that conclude advertising spend, with its weak or non-existent effect on sales, is largely a waste of resources'
It seems to be hard for people to admit that it just doesn't work
:D oh man I might ask you stuff sometime, I just feel like the concept of radio seems pretty simple but in practice is complex
I tried to just listen for AM frequencies on my SDR, FM is pretty easy but AM was a no go
I always thought that when you can make a radio antenna and all the components so  that you  can broadcast effectively then you’ve pretty much mastered radio.
I want to be able to dial into the ISS when it flies over
Emojis always end up as Indian people or parchment illustrations
🖖
😘
😭
👍
🕳️
🧑‍🎤
I can't speak to taste, but I once accidentally at a quail egg in Japan
I'm allergic to American chicken eggs but didn't react to the quail for some reason
<@151994782246240257> has one
He said I should get it because it’s easy and he didn’t study for it
So there’s that
I read a book about this recently specifically about internet advertising and it was very good
But I also always feel bad when I read things like this because advertising definitely works on me but that’s not that surprising since ppl with ADHD have bad impulse problems so maybe ad revenue only exists bc of people with impulse problems
Well, you do have to study
But the studying is easy
The test is multiple choice and the question bank is known
There used to be a morse segment for the higher level licenses but they eliminaged it
So I just scheduled my test and memorized the technician and general question banks the night before
Oh ok it’s a good thing I tagged you to correct my bad memory
Of course
Being that I just memorized the multiple choice answers in one night
I have zero actual radio knowledge
But I do have the call sign K0OOM which is both hilarious and a mean prank on cw nerds
Because in morse it's -.- ----- --- --- --
<@220688003104899072> I recommend the HRCC (Ham Radio Crash Course) discord for lots of helpful hams
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931088066486087733/1032716013424353471/IMG_5260.jpg
https://www.esquire.com/entertainment/books/a38815538/dune-crypto-nft-sale-mistake-explained/
lol
interesting that they basically added 2 layers of auction
> ..
appraisers expected it would sell for around $40,000.

> ..
Spice DAO swooped in with a bid that went way, way over asking price
Spice DAO paid more than a hundred times the modest estimate, taking home the book for $3 million.
people wanted to vote on how the rights would be used, so they bought more shares in the DAO
but all the money went to buy the book
lol
so there was an auction for influence over the copyright, and an auction for the book
wow one of the guys running the DAO is the grade-A freak
https://twitter.com/0xngmi/status/1528572556894142464?s=20&t=ysCSxmzTnG3MTbz0f4WDrA
Yeah I was looking into it for a while… ugh I am horrible at test taking and hardware+compliance kind of goes over my head
The concept of radio looks super cool though
Oh! But if you have a radio that can transmit like your average baofeng, I want to try catching you on the air sometime on a specific frequency! Obv I can’t transmit yet but I I just won’t hehe
maybe you can eat parrot eggs
'Nearly all bird eggs are edible, and at any state of incubation
I say nearly because there are two poisonous birds, the Hooded Pitohui and the Ifrita kowaldi, both of Papua, New Guinea
Whether their eggs are edible is unanswered
The Hooded Pitohui’s poison is homobatrachotoxin
It comes from its diet of Choresine beetles.
he second toxic bird in New Guinea, Ifrita kowaldi, is known locally as the “bitter bird” and gets it toxin from the same beetles
It’s clearly a case of you are what you eat
So, all bird eggs are edible (except perhaps those of the wild Pitoui and Ifrita.)'
https://www.eattheweeds.com/eggs-for-survival-and-food-2
you got an SDR yet?
<@&874406377982926889> Anybody wanna watch a movie tonight? 
~3hours from now?
Yeah a basic nooelec
yes
https://terrorgum.com/zellar/images/FB_IMG_1541623575611.jpg
nice
if you've got the money, a HackRF with the Portapack is dumb fun
development on the firmware and features has basically stalled and it doesnt do all the stuff you probably want it to do
but it's neat

from china they're ~$170



page of a teenager's diary from 1995
90210.sucks.sucks.sucks
id like this kid
what movie are we watching?
anyone else joining? If not, we could try to dig deep into the backlog, find some true suffering
I probably don't have time today
But if I do I will join
I have to finish all my work for the weekend and finish an essay and style a wig for a Halloween party
that doesn't sound like nearly enough suffering
10 minutes
until the Choosening
oh shit it's 5pm y'all
<@724882617719193661> <@229250171475722240> <@&874406377982926889>
let's watch some MOVIE
there's a movie called "Watchable (2000)" that I can't find an imdb page for
alright im gonna take a shower
THEN MOVIE
Cannot
I applaud your dedication
I am in Tampa are you trying to catch me over the air
let me grab some food
http://app.synclounge.tv/#/join/6fWqW/https:%2F%2F1.au.synclounge.tv
eh
i should probably go be social with people who live in my city
the solo sadness is kickin in
https://youtu.be/B-6bOmdFSlI
oh ok

tessellated ships
https://youtu.be/bayveo_Ujt4
All spare time I possibly had for movies tonight was spent messaging depop trying to get my refund from them they promised only to get auto responses
like theresa may
this is some 90s rap
nobody raps like this anymore
i guess its sort of a parody of 90s rap
all glottal stops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkXz-_cH93g
<@800126234297630740> that's an acceptable substitute for a bad movie watching, right?
yeh!
I think I heard some velar implosives in there 😅
theres a full video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPFNKhWlHqU
dis drill ting
I need that money *twitch twitch scratches at my neck*
Tonight I want to watch Corpse Bride tho
To calm the nerves
But it might be at like 1:00AM

https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/870282930088476712/884970464051621968/unknown.png

https://i.imgur.com/41qUF21.mp4



Birds are so fruity
oh that would be rather far...
I'm in Cali
:/ where is it on? DisneyPlus?
That is another halloween movie I was thinking to watch while handing out candy to trick or treaters, this or the Labyrinth
Yeah
What is corpse bride
<@229250171475722240> is it west coast movie time?
Download steel Justice
Download alien warrior
4d proprioception
Remains of the Day is one of the best halloween songs


It’s a Tim Burton claymation movie
About like letting go of that which is not for you
It’s epic
I fell asleep
free space
thats a butthole
a bundthole
https://youtu.be/AuRv0Vu55nA
a lot of these seem like they would work for boyfriends and girlfriends too
omg
if your girlfriend wags her tail to the left, she doesnt like you
That’s fine; I hate the dog too.
I prefer their tails docked and ears cropped - minimizes injuries in girlfighting
https://tenor.com/view/lmfao-laughing-gif-25145562
https://youtu.be/KA-SMYnroiU
Yeeeeeuh




I want that toilet omg
I got my technician license and I'm going for general in November
My call sign is KK4LXC
My satellite ground station antenna is arriving today so I can talk to satellites and the ISS
I'm going to connect my hackrf to it
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1033092486777806859/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1033088455237959680/unknown.png


Eat babies
Smoke weed
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/man-suing-body-donation-company-after-mothers-corpse-was-sold-to-military-for-blast-testing/


Lemme know :0 also the same offer goes to you to try and connect on a frequency… I’ve definitely just scanned and listened in on people but it’s not quite the same as actually being able to dial into a frequency you and another ham designated

Bunalert
the toilet bowl is flesh colored
does that mean the toilet bowl is part of his flesh?
does his add extend down and forward, into the shape of a toilet bowl
and the hold is his anus?
is the entire sewer system his digestive tract?
is Lars Ulrich a public utility?
http://www.todayifoundout.com/index.php/2017/01/u-s-navy-hilarious-multi-million-dollar-fruitless-search-wizard-ozs-dorothy-friends/
Conference room
Conference room in a space ship
'Naval Intelligence Service invested significant resources into trying to locate a mysterious woman identified only as “Dorothy” who seemed to have links to countless gay seamen
The plan was to find her and then “convince” her to finger these individuals so the military could give them the boot
As it turns out, she was none other than Dorothy Gale of The Wizard of Oz.'
pondering the deep questions
What if we had a biological sewage piping system
With peristalsis!
It would be as if humanity expanded our biology to have a network of intestines throughout our cities
The benefit of a biological solution is that it’s self repairing, and part of that is death and replacement
How do we set up a reliable network of intestines that’s capable of dying and being replaced? How’s that redundancy work
Straight dudes are always chasin gay dudes
And trying to fuck em
Over




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bog_body

#bad-frequencies
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124152197652490/1033205110307831859/unknown.png
The Three Vinegar Tasters - Confucius, the Buddha, and Laozi
https://preview.redd.it/tauil73sffe91.jpg?auto=webp&s=edea48a21419b7db68b063b738530959694d5398
'The three men are dipping their fingers in a vat of vinegar and tasting it; one man reacts with a sour expression, one reacts with a bitter expression, and one reacts with a sweet expression
The three men are Confucius, Buddha, and Laozi, respectively
Each man's expression represents the predominant attitude of his philosophy: Confucianism saw life as sour, in need of rules to correct the degeneration of people; Buddhism saw life as bitter, dominated by pain and suffering due to attaching possessions and material desires; and Taoism saw life as sweet due to it being fundamentally perfect in its natural state.'
Download the lift
Download the lift 1993
https://a.co/d/aQDcGJ4
https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/dog-telepathy
Bernard Bernardovich
download men who stare at goats
We need more pronouns
More exclusive-we pronouns
https://m.imdb.com/title/tt13103340/
This film
I hate
Fuck
It was really bad at first, then Kelsey Grammar showed up and they resolved their family conflict at Christmas
And they went to a bar, which I guess are open on Christmas
And they sang Christmas songs
For some reason Kelsey Grammars character is known as Father Christmas
I don’t really know why
Then the movie was over! Yay
Not yay, it sucked, but like, “okay”
But I was only halfway through
You can’t imagine the kind of existential panic I was in when I found out
This is purgatory
This movie will never end
The main conflict is over
The weird sister came out as gay
Everyone accepts the foreigner
I was free
But now, it’s a cuckold drama
reminds me of Kanzawa, Tadashi
https://youtu.be/OKRELMpZVPo
yes!
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
https://twitter.com/Microsoft/status/1583143019444068352
they should just keep making flags instead of ruinous updates
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1033358545439178752/unknown.png
Fofão, beloved Brazilian children's TV show character from *Balão Mágico* and *TV Fofão*
https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81+hQ7pT3NL._SS500_.jpg
fags
GHOST in the BOOBS: https://youtu.be/0vGOhXYALY4
That sounds like how the Zerg in StarCraft would deal with public sanitation
"Hey Pink Shirt, get out of my shot!"


https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1033468070892679169/Screenshot_20221021-150605_Reddit.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/763060950517415936/1032457361593479238/img-4d960e8f.jpg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bouba/kiki_effect
'The presence of these "synesthesia-like mappings" suggest that this effect might be the neurological basis for sound symbolism, in which sounds are non-arbitrarily mapped to objects and events in the world
Research has also indicated that the effect may be a case of ideasthesia, a phenomenon in which activations of concepts (inducers) evoke perception-like experiences (concurrents).'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1033501961124847776/unknown-54.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1033509784059658291/unknown_1662058871845.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/880243481891717199/1033019087841927376/received_483630540494732.jpg
Download coherence
Status coherence
Download coherence
Download coherence
Status coherence
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1033600250105040999/img_1_1666499788698.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1033762506168090644/IMG_1908.jpg
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/846156569984237599/1032884304423944192/IMG_8392.jpg

https://youtu.be/e9dZQelULDk
the matrix but neo is doing linear algebra in a classroom
neo matrix chalkboard
@swedishhat:matrix.org on matrix would like to bridge this channel
Someone with permission to manage webhooks please reply with `!matrix approve` or `!matrix deny` in the next 5 minutes.
!matrix approve
Thanks for your response! The matrix bridge has been approved.
hooray
hey it's me, but from somewhere else
lol you're the only productive one
but I made a bridge to Matrix because it's a feature no one asked for
For anyone that is interested in using Matrix to interact with this group instead of Discord, here's the link: https://matrix.to/#/#bodygenre:matrix.org
only <#989705155446448178> is bridged at the moment
"we all" or w'all
like y'all, but self-incorporating
"w'all are going to watch a movie"
I like w’all and I will begin using it
I would also like first person plural pronouns that cover other common facets of human identity
I got this idea while listening to song lyrics
Many songs will say things like “we are a hookup generation”
And the singer is my age
And I’ve never had a hookup and most of my friends haven’t and from what I’ve learned most people don’t actually do this
So what is the “we” he’s referring to?
He’s referring to the sexual cluster he belongs to
Sexual clusters actually don’t change much between generations
There is, has always been, and will always be, a sexual cluster that’s low on attachment and high on sexual behaviors
There are other clusters that are low, some that are median (8-9 partners throughout their lifetime, actually)
And there’s the asexual cluster
The use of the word “we” is the only misleading part of the lyrics I’ve seen - if they were clarifying the “generation” with the “exclusive we”, meaning that his sexual cluster (we) do hookups and are part of a generation, then it makes sense
But the language is ambiguous
It could be equating “we” with “generation”
And that’s the part that makes the statement false
I think we should have more pronouns, and not just for gender identity
A pronoun is effectively a grunt for attribution
“Who did the did?”
“Him”
— a valid conversation
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1033901333599756308/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1033872539132379166/unknown.png


I wonder if you could use emoji as pronoun modifiers to express that subgroup
minecraft
like "we 🍑 🍆 " for "we the members of the sexual cluster"
I would absolutely watch "SponjihadBob SquarePallahAkbarnts"
homestuck in minecraft
App idea: computer vision face tracking for drawing in eyebrow makeup
https://youtu.be/7pU5fq0oETI
https://youtu.be/aSmStK8gfFQ
Download deatship
Download deathship
Download death ship
Hahaha

Fuck
Fuck
Fucke
Fuck
https://youtu.be/OzcXZvuT558
He says September first but it was posted on the 20th
He won’t name the film and he has no fucking trailer
I’m hyperventilating
His long ass teeth
He’s a fuckin
Fuckin
Whale
Fuck duck fuck
Hahahaha
The out of focus people are the only ones in frame
I didn’t notice that
That’s hilarious
Download three body problem audio book
Download three body problem
I think this exists already
I never this picture had a backstory to it


<@557419862826156042>  I’m gonna be honest and say I was biased because I’ve been to the gilroy one, although they had some interesting lighting here
Keep ‘em coming though, I hated having to write papers on art history but the topic itself I like

So I dipped my toes into sticker printing and I will never underestimate sticker folk again
Many people use a Cricut machine to cut consistently but the stuff I make is in such a weird usually that I feel it would be really hard for the machine to recognize
Also the black and white stuff turned out pretty well… but Malenia’s rune was such low quality in comparison to the image, and I don’t know if it’s the printer that’s just mediocre
I’m ordering some stuff off of sticker mule because I’m curious if the image quality itself  is bad

Muh dad setup a bird camera

'not going to promote it for business model reasons'
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
https://apnews.com/article/jair-bolsonaro-caribbean-brazil-rio-de-janeiro-arrests-9edab7e32d354f5483c22a4e9c8ceeb6?utm_source=dailybrief&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=DailyBrief2022Oct24&utm_term=DailyNewsBrief
'I’m setting my example, I’m leaving my seed planted'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1034118158547685386/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1033933181604347924/mR0vzp9.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1033970065072214066/FB_IMG_1666588040157.jpg
Nice
If anyone else gets their amateur radio licenses, I'll make this channel and we can talk radio nonsense
Actually, there are three of us
That's good enough
We now have a secret private channel called <#1034186492156850306>, but you can only hang out there if you have a ham license
Also you can only communicate using morse code in the channel.
Yes
Other digital modes like FT8 are permitted as well
Since you can't encrypt anything on ham bands, we should broadcast and share public domain media over skywave
"y'all fools are going to do it for me for free
Also that shit's expensive"
A real ad I got like alright
"you like buying trash? We're buzzfeed so we're going to sell you trash!"
JUDY
Every time I read about autism I relate and then I think, man there’s no way that everyone on earth does not relate to this
Then I think, wait a minute a primary component of autism is egocentrism or the “inability to comprehend that views or opinions may be different from their own” and then I’m just… what the fuck now
Incredible
this is awesome
where is this??

bein autistic is dope
<- most qualified, least knowledgeable ham in the server :D
What's a radio
https://tenor.com/view/wtf-whatthefuckistheinternet-internet-what-confused-gif-24490698
I want to take a practice test again I wonder if I could still pass technician
If anyone wants to be a ham just take the practice tests until you know all the answers https://hamstudy.org/tech2018
oh ok
is it? i am not sure yet
https://medium.com/autistic-discovery/autistic-masking-goes-much-deeper-than-adjusting-your-behaviour-e46a1fc4a3e i read this article and was like "this is how everyone is though" but a few of my friends have said they do not relate to this article
i find this disturbing
i find it very disturbing that everyone else is also not self-monitoring and self-correcting a good amount of the day
It's about an hour east of the the Bay Area! Right in between this and UC Davis I guess is one way to think about it
I've never been to these fairs where they try to scare you so it was neat to see
 apparently they were playing a ton of older metal songs so it felt like some strange time paradox of the 90s and early 2000s
egocentrism
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124263459962990/1033866476131729458/buddha_5_week.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124263459962990/1033866501838614650/unknown.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1034233778777890846/IMG_3048.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1034235311733084180/unknown.png
https://v.redd.it/wj68x5uw5rv91
I use the hamstudy app
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.hamstudy.mobile
It's like $4 and does a good job as a flashcard app
One of the reasons I want to get my general is so I can play with 42NET
download dallas buyers club
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1034263656604635246/QpsjF9H.jpg


https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/766148760589303831/1033669273362628688/Ordinary_video.mp4

and i guess feeling that it's disturbing is also part of that ego-centrism
https://youtu.be/M-9USB_bcJA
because there
everybody's pretty different
they relate in ways like most people have arms and legs and a Brocha's area and lungs, but they're also different enough to have identifiable little clusters in the population
we could look at it like a network-graph, each cluster being a node, and those nodes interacting with eachother in interesting ways
we could also look at it like a vector space, each cluster a 'spectrum' or dimension, each person going in their own 'direction' or unit vector, and the addition and scaling of vectors could be a way to observe outcomes
dude wtf lol
Yeah I know logically people are different from me but it’s like something that sits on the surface of my brain
It doesn’t really penetrate
So I guess idk time to try and figure out how to not constantly self monitor and correct and critique maybe idk

Kaunas University of Technology (Lithuania) gives its honorary doctors Galactic Emperor robes
https://ktu.edu/sites/default/files/galerijos/ceremony_at_ktu_9.jpg
https://en.ktu.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2019/12/19-12-09-Cornelius-Herstatt-garb%C4%97s-daktaras-52-scaled.jpg
hm
Until you said that, I kind of thought self-monitoring was a good thing
and self-correcting
I guess too much of it could cause trouble
Download The 400 Blows
I believe it is directly linked to neuroticism & low self esteem yes
I do it 24/7 and it’s very stressful it causes me much grief
I read yesterday that in the 80s/90s they used to call autism "shy"
Banana
I’m not shy but that’s a good one

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoiEZ3g5MlI
this is kinda neat
https://vimeo.com/399015275
Warner Bros
copyright claimed this, now it's canon

lol the australian guy calls himself "an aspie"
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1034319237075963994/unknown.png
chocolate ramen
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1034319456865894442/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1034322767572652083/unknown.png
https://www.leidenmedievalistsblog.nl/articles/whats-wrong-with-medieval-pigs-in-videogames
Professor Peter Kerkhof asking the important questions
estrogencentrism
I needed a channel to post things when we dont have a #bad-* channel for it already
#bad-book https://lcamtuf.substack.com/p/fake-books
I think the biggest social lesson I learned was that it's important to "respect the other person's time"
https://youtube.com/shorts/fdQ0pamEKxk?feature=share
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1034411223539798027/rtbk3sew8ev91.jpg
https://www.totalwine.com/spirits/vodka/flavored-vodka/cookie-cake-brownie/three-olives-smores-vodka/p/125067750
https://www.saucey.com/spirits/vodka/flavored-vodka/three-olives-smores-vodka/VO-T59797-750ML
'It was like S'mores cooked over a fire built out of 80s electronics.'
endocentrism
Exocentrism
Exocentrism
The unfortunate thing is that I know exactly what that smells like
s'mores vodka delivered in 30 minutes
s'mores vodka delivery app
s'mores vodka credit card processing company
s'mores vodka blockchain and proof-of-work system
Vodka NFTs distributed as marshmallows
Proof of s'mores byzantine vodka tolerance
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124263459962990/1034488909570252940/Estum3VUcAcz1w0.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1034512771221561405/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1034484939808321617/image0.jpg
https://evolution.faith/
https://www.coloradoinjurylaw.com/dog-bite-statistics/

doesn't the ellipsis there kind of undercut the point?

"Sounds like a population distribution map but okay"
https://abcnews.go.com/amp/US/amazon-worker-found-dead-yard-suspected-mauling-dogs/story?id=92052463
Do you think Amazon penalized the worker for taking an unauthorized break?
https://www.himalayanart.org/search/set.cfm?setID=525
https://har-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/item-images-resized/535px/4/0/6/40682.jpg
https://har-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/item-images-resized/535px/4/2/9/42965.jpg
'Thus have I heard
Once upon a time, the Buddha—Siddhartha Gautama—was droning on, in his customary way, about virtue, *blah blah,* holiness, *blah blah,* while having sex with some random goddess.
They were doing it sitting up, because Buddhas have a fetish for that.
They were surrounded by the usual motley crew: gods, demons, vampires, cannibal witches, arhats, bodhisattvas, and suchlike mythical creatures.
Partway through his sermon, the Buddha ejaculated and died.

This is the opening of the Buddhakapala, a Tantric Buddhist scripture, whose title means “The Drinking-cup Made From The Buddha’s Skull.”
'The bodhisattva Vajrapani, who had been trying to look interested during the lecture, was sitting next to a witch named Citrasena, who was smoking hot.
Smoking hot if you’re into scary goth chicks, anyway
Vajrapani wasn’t sure, but figured this was his chance to try some moves on her.
“So, hey, babe, what did you think of today’s dharma talk? Pretty awesome, huh?”
Not waiting for her to answer, he went on:
“The only thing is, all that fancy stuff is probably good for somebody, like maybe if you are extremely nice
But seriously, who’s got time for it? Real people, like you and me—we’re into sex and violence, not a bunch of pious blather
This Buddhism junk isn’t going to do us any good
You know, what I want to hear is methods for people like us to gain power.”
'Citrasena ignored him, because (1) she thought he was a retarded troglodyte, and (2) she was a necrophiliac.
That was an extremely good thing
If she hadn’t been a necrophiliac, there might never have been any tantra, and we’d still be stuck listening to virtue, blah blah, holiness, blah blah.
The Buddha was rotting, and that was getting her hot and wet
She was staring at him and breathing hard.
Did you know, by the way, that Gautama had a special retractible penis that he could slide back into his pelvis? And a tongue so long he could lick his ears? Several Theravada scriptures say so.
'Gautama Buddha was hardly immune to a sexy witch ogling him
By now, his neck tendons had rotted away, and his skull fell off and landed on the ground, thud.
What with having just died, and being seriously hot for her, he wasn’t feeling completely coherent, but his skull managed to spit out a mantra:

Om Buddhe Siddhe Susiddhe Amṛita Arje Buddha Kapāla Sphoṭanipātaya Trāsaya Hūṃ Ho Phat
'Naturally, considering the circumstances, this was a damn potent mantra
So the first thing it did was zoom down to hell, where it clobbered a bunch of gigantic snake demons who were Up To No Good.
Then it zoomed back up and into Citrasena’s vagina
It slid up through her central channel (now well-lubricated) and into her brain.
The snake demons were intimidated and impressed by this display of power
They weren’t used to being clobbered by anything, let alone unpronounceable words
So they bopped up to heaven, where their supernormal perception located the awesome weapon.
'Surprised, they prostrated to Citrasena, and begged her for teaching.
Fixing them with a ferocious stare, she began to speak
And what she said was—
— the rest of the Buddhakapala Tantra, which is about sex, power, and violence.' ~ David Chapman
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DY5tzvwWAAIuI5a.jpg:large
https://youtu.be/7Gt-7U1ctao
https://youtu.be/sT1hA5HDhjs
https://www.inverse.com/science/nasa-ufo-uap-study-team-members?utm_campaign=inverse&utm_content=1666634395&utm_medium=owned&utm_source=twitter
At least they hired 1 atmospheric science specialist
and 'a boxer who goes by the title “The Mad Scientist”'
lol
honestly, it kinda looks like the brought crazy wackos in to discredit the research
https://twitter.com/TommySiegel/status/1584600221694107648
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ff2l2paWYAEWSPv?format=jpg&name=360x360
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ff2l2oZXEAEdafr?format=jpg&name=small
https://twitter.com/misspaviichenko/status/1524250022757474305
https://coleandmarmalade.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/Yuri-Knorozov-monument2.jpg
Probably voided the life insurance policy to their family
Jk that's probably not true
There was no life insurance policy because that worker was a contractor
> Partway through his sermon, the Buddha ejaculated and died.

I hate when that happens
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>

Ty ty
Correction: everyone's allowed but there's a new role for hams (that currently does nothing)
You just get to feel special
Download army of thieves
https://www.foodandwine.com/drinks/sleepytime-tea-and-little-known-religion-behind-it
'There's more to this story than simply a comforting cup of tea, one that involves conspiracies, eugenics and aliens
'
https://drillingcontractor.org/wp-includes/cust/when_to_never_use_revenge_spells.html
the International Association of Drilling Contractors has some pretty firm opinions on revenge magic
the International Association of Drilling Contractors has some surprisingly firm opinions on revenge magic
do we have xuan zang
frog eating crab rangoon
Wednesday frog
Wednesday my dudes
Danny DeVito OnlyFans
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931088066486087733/1034721065424928848/20221026_035156.jpg
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ff8_FvRUcAAiBMY.jpg
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ff8_FvZVsAAwAgL.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1034851380407578735/178A7927-3091-4885-809C-34DA5B7A8D62.jpg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muggeseggele

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931088066486087733/1034849957217304706/IMG_6858.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124111156383774/1034886905680109668/4.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124111156383774/1034886959300104282/9c15564c6ebd2c1aabf54c99d1251f5e.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124111156383774/1034887051033710622/1196-29.jpg
chodpas
https://disgustingfoodmuseum.com/
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/35/f4/a7/35f4a74c5c1c0fb0389e672a26f3c950.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124263459962990/1034820524888555540/7tYEwlM.jpg
Basically idiomatically equivalent to "a cunt hair"
I like "muggeseggele" more
Makes the speaker sound more cultured but it's still about genitals lol
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ch%C3%B6d
> The chod practitioner seeks to tap the power of fear through activities such as rituals set in graveyards, and visualisation of offering their bodies in a tantric feast in order to put their understanding of emptiness to the ultimate test.
Download The King and I
Download the king and I 1956
Wow so beautiful bravo
https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2014/05/blood-money-the-twisted-business-of-donating-plasma/362012/
'Plasma reaped from paid U.S
donors makes up about 70 percent of worldwide collections
The United States is conversationally known in the industry as “the OPEC of plasma collections.”
“Certain governments are people and people’s-rights centered..
In those places they make the plasma corporations play by the rules; sometimes they just choose to have as little as possible to do with them
But the United States is a corporate country” that maintains the Western world’s least restrictive plasma regulations.'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1035011397882499112/unknown.png

does aby one want to join the cage cult

does aby one want to join the cage cult
Do we have Penguin's Memory: Shiawase Monogatari
How do I join?
Download Penguin's Memory: Shiawase Monogatari
Download Penguin's Memory


What if racecar beds were actually drivable and had a five-point safety harness with a HANS device you had to sleep in
Plassing
Go donate blood first, then hit the bars
S'Mores Vodka Plasma Donation Center
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/791357647759736853/1035070778045120533/unknown.png?width=305&height=493
https://youtu.be/INoMEf0Qr4k


So there’s this amazingly bad capitalism in the SF housing market right now
Housing prices have dropped like 5%, as in landlords are listing rentals at lower than they actually want to rent at
Problem is these landlords are still used to having people throw money at them and hike the prices up
So the landlords aren’t really trying to rent a place for $3300, they’re trying to rent it for $3900, and they’re hoping somebody will start a bidding war
It’s gotten to the point that leasing agents are making videos on YouTube and posting all over social media that explain the overall accounting issue of leaving a property totally unoccupied
Like this place im looking at has been on the rental market for over a month - that would be insane in 2019 - and I asked for a showing and application and they want me to wait until Saturday
Why would they want me to wait? Because they want to stack applicants, because they want them to bid against eachother
Melanie is also having trouble finding a place, the landlords/leasing agents will give her a weird inconvenient time to go to a showing
uh yeah I do, where do I sign up and who do I give all my belongings to?

It could be cheaper to just renew your lease.
no no no no
yeah
it would be.
im planning on spending more money.
i want to increase my rent by about $1000/mo
lol they have a page for opening your own disgusting food museum
https://giza.mused.org/en/guided/266/inside-the-great-pyramid
download the seekers
download Shiawase Monogatari
download the seekers 2003
download the seekers 2008
download seekers 1993
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105349/
free space

classic crispin glover storyline:
> This is the story of Willard Stiles who is a social misfit taking care of his ill and fragile but verbally abusive mother Henrietta in a musty old mansion that is also home to a colony of rats
Willard then finds himself constantly humiliated in front of his co-workers and is eventually fired by his cruel and uncaring boss, Mr
Frank Martin, a vicious man whose professional interest in Willard extends to a personal financial one.
In this film, Crispin Glover plays a weird guy with a weird social life
Nobody likes him, he's constantly humiliated, and there are real consequences to the bullying he endures.
^^^ every Crispin Glover movie
you can't make a Crispin Glover movie without having his character abused and alienated by his peers
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1035234853270069268/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035255050773217360/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035226173032120381/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035245025006731274/20221026_173544.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1035194699092340787/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1035225826989461534/IMG_7092.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888483340485808168/1034853814374760558/20221026_113921.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/721858692395565156/1035231964065693706/shitposting-yef8nr.mp4
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Krishna_Venta
'I may as well say it, I am Christ.'
'Krishna claimed to have been born on another planet, long ago but not so far away—240,000 years ago, on the planet Neophrates, which occupied the same orbit as Earth does presently, and was humanity’s first home
But as the planet moved inexorably closer to the sun it became uninhabitable
A fleet of great rocket ships, each more than a mile long and capable of carrying 35,000 people, set off to colonize the Dark Planet that would become Earth
Naturally, their leader was that soul who would one day manifest as Krishna Venta, Along the way, he would also bestow revelations upon such notables as Melchizedek of Salem, Kukulcan and Quelzalcoatl, the Hopi trickster Masaw, Abraham and Moses, Mohammed and the Buddha, the angels Moroni and Gabriel, and Jesus Christ
All this was elaborated in Krishna Venta’s history of humanity, a rambling series of periodic near-extinction-level events with distinctly theosophical and Mormon overtones
In 1951, he legally changed his name to "Krishna Venta" in California.'
'Venta was killed in Chatsworth, California, along with seven bystanders, on December 10, 1958 in a suicide bombing instigated by Peter Duma Kamenoff and Ralph Muller
 The two disgruntled former followers had accused Venta of being a fraud who mishandled cult funds and had been intimate with their wives
The two ex-cultists were linked to the blast by bizarre tape recordings in which they vowed: "to bring Krishna to justice"'
https://laist.com/news/la-history/bizarre-story-behind-the-suicide-bombing-of-a-socal-cult
https://bdsmtest.org/select-mode
<@941028993975603200> <@857825851517304882>

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1035333074252202016/20221028_090138.jpg
I want to like seagulls but then I remember what their poo smells like when they choose one rock to cluster on
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035364611966373899/unknown.png
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuno_sa_punso
typical nature spirit
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgF0VkLXgAEswev.jpg
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgF0Vj-XoAg09Ba.jpg
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/817897528594137088/1035318174096302120/IMG_0934.png
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgCS56PXwAAbABe?format=jpg&name=medium
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1035564582363730010/312942565_8333073216766031_78778610291549364_n.jpg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_ML_of_New_Jersey
https://www.smlnj.org/

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1035574150175137942/unknown.png

https://youtu.be/QFgcqB8-AxE
https://www.vulture.com/2022/10/taylor-swift-karma-explained-professor.html
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/951218173603110912/1035197283333046393/IMG_1197.jpg


https://youtu.be/mO-OpFjHRbE

So fluffy :0
It makes R2D2 sounds!
How come poetry doesn't count as a search for truth
yes!



https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgK-illWAAEgZTM?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgJ6UvPWYAAdWK5?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://news.yahoo.com/decline-american-mall-left-just-164042866.html
<@800126234297630740> maybe we can acquire a ghost mall and make a Museum of Badness, to preserve Bad Things during the slow collapse of civilization
Looks like Twitter has been sold to Elon Musk.
LoL some people losing their minds.
Twitter was never a good investment
I’m not surprised the execs wanted an exit
A real cash exit for Twitter investors? Fuck yea
https://heartlandsignal.com/2022/09/15/hot-mic-brian-kemp-open-to-banning-contraception/
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMf5XhtNntYMI2KfpKyaxOg

If I were Elon I would add monetizable long form videos like YouTube and some form of shopping like Amazon or eBay and of course secure chat.
And of course subscription accounts like OnlyFans or Patreon.
Might as well go all-in with free speech.
https://youtu.be/SU50nX49Dqc
https://youtu.be/8q3LOxKYVRc
I’m sure he can resolve the problems with Twitter if he goes with first principles.
Doesn’t matter, nobody actually uses Twitter anyway
It’s a repo for news article quotes


bad proof

in Womble Gate

https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/helium-shortage-doctors-are-worried-running-element-threaten-mris-rcna52978
Isn't most of the universe helium?
We should take the helium from out there and bring it here
AMAZING
Is this one of those algorithmic content farms that targets kids ?
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09LCPZZ7G/ref=cm_sw_r_apa_i_ZRBTB67HZR885EV7FTYD_0
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035716895757828207/unknown.png
Because I'm dumb and didn't think about it the last time I organized
It can be
I'd really like to document our philosoph(y/ies) and put it on the website
Why just bad-capitalism and not bad-state-policy? Can other deities have houses here besides Saturn and Mercury?

https://21studios.com/22-convention/
It’s a convention “for women, by men”
I think someone else posted this but still https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/838481230567702589/1035716893530673152/IMG_2887.jpg
https://youtu.be/KfsW93y9KH0
https://youtu.be/KfsW93y9KH0
This is, itself, autistic poetry
Do we have the fly 1986
Download the fly 1986
it's probably delicious!
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035748434134695966/unknown.png
Yes!  R2D2 ❤️ the beeps get me every time.
Do we have the thing
You have many things
Download! The Thing 1982
Download! The Thing 2011

Yes! Interesting and fresh conflicts



https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1035900835433029682/FgK5kG1VUAABff4.jpg
https://wingmusic.co.nz/
https://youtu.be/chcEkWbUS90
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035842313362087986/unknown.png
https://youtu.be/aSYsK5Eqmhg
https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/firangi
Ferengi is a real word in India, it means ‘foreigner’
yes variations of it are present in many South Asian languages - it's from the Farsi word *farang,* which comes from the name for the Franks
since Frankish people played a major part during the time of the Crusades, it became a general term to refer to Western Europe or its peoples, and eventually just came to mean foreigners
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frangistan
https://www.g-star.com/en_us/shop/men/jumpsuits/d21034-c979-c941?utm_medium=socialpaid&utm_source=fb&utm_campaign=MU-US%7CFAB%7CECO%7CPRO-dpa%7CALW%7CCAT%7C&utm_content=LAL%7C10l-v09-180%7Cfee%7Cv2%7C10%25JeansPurchasers-180d&utm_term=ALW%7Ccar%7Cdyn-nof%7C&fbclid=PAAaZHcev1_vpQpF29jjv-3GNEh4VqRyFpaz-1S6rdHn_9BTQD2BN_of86XUg_aem_AfQJ3R0lJl1jJVEMJKSChk6_4SNxUsTlgNsy7Q9EWo0lNC52kUR8Ax7tYn5Urm0KSRw-KUkvKQtK9p6pShxXjeqzgVZnHmxZ2LOlITpRKddBTp5RVJIeD8bgNs8oJQogkLg
What about Franginar?
well there's the Latin verb *frangere,* to break into pieces, from which we get 'fraction,' 'fracture,' 'frangible'
but that's really a discussion for <#961409302688596079> <:well:1032401089783402586>
'fragile'
https://youtu.be/ycdDHP7QfWo
Let's study, let's study, let's study
For the benefit of our country
'It rests in an empty palm, It spawns in an empty mind'
https://youtu.be/i-GonR4S1to
'God is alive
Magic is afoot
God is alive
Magic is afoot
God is afoot
Magic is alive
Alive is afoot
Magic never died
God never sickened
Many poor men lied
Many sick men lied
Magic never weakened
Magic never hid
Magic always ruled
God is afoot
God never died
God was ruler
Though his funeral lengthened
Though his mourners thickened
Magic never fled
Though his shrouds were hoisted
The naked God did live
Though his words were twisted
The naked Magic thrived
Though his death was published
Round and round the world
The heart did not believe
Many hurt men wondered
Many struck men bled
Magic never faltered
Magic always led
Many stones were rolled
But God would not lie down
Many wild men lied
Many fat men listened
Though they offered stones
Magic still was fed
Though they locked their coffers
God was always served
Magic is afoot
God rules
Alive is afoot
Alive is in command
Many weak men hungered
Many strong men thrived
Though they boasted solitude
God was at their side
Nor the dreamer in his cell
Nor the captain on the hill
Magic is alive
Though his death was pardoned
Round and round the world
The heart did not believe
Though laws were carved in marble
They could not shelter men
Though altars built in parliaments
They could not order men
Police arrested Magic
And Magic went with them
For Magic loves the hungry
But Magic would not tarry
It moves from arm to arm
It would not stay with them
Magic is afoot
It cannot come to harm
It rests in an empty palm
It spawns in an empty mind
But Magic is no instrument
Magic is the end
Many men drove Magic
But Magic stayed behind
Many strong men lied
They only passed through Magic
And out the other side
Many weak men lied
They came to God in secret
And though they left him nourished
They would not say who healed
Though mountains danced before them
They said that God was dead
Though his shrouds were hoisted
The naked God did live
This I mean to whisper to my mind
This I mean to laugh with in my mind
This I mean my mind to serve 'til
Service is but Magic
Moving through the world
And mind itself is Magic
Coursing through the flesh
And flesh itself is Magic
Dancing on a clock
And time itself the magic length of God'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931090604744667176/1035371560162316408/20221027_215448.jpg
theurgy and tetractys math proofs from Iamblichus
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1035994535844651028/Screenshot_20221029-111136_Twitter.png
https://twitter.com/fasc1nate/status/1586144756413124609
' if they just allowed “female-presenting nipples” again'
Tactical jumpsuits: for when cargo pants just don't have enough pockets
That material is 11% Polyamide
That's the same material as that fun orange electronics tape, Kapton

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgMRm2vXoAIEC0N?format=jpg&name=medium
If I ever have kids I'm going to play this for them if they ever refuse to do homework

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FfjYfC7WQAISVH-?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FfpskHcakAAYwih?format=png&name=900x900
I hate this so much
<@151994782246240257> if a strandbeest wore pants would it wear them like this 

https://youtu.be/rUfIZBSPrsM
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgHNu6zXwAE1sZ6?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fec6HeVWAAIWnrd?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FbDFMhVWQAAblvj?format=jpg&name=medium
make link for Gingerclown
Download! Gingerclown

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FdlJEnJWAAIBVcD?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FZbyEM5WIAAPgc8?format=jpg&name=large
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FYgU6HfWQAAPJ7p?format=jpg&name=medium
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FSpAKdtUEAAUhKj?format=jpg&name=medium
cobra


https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgSwkXnWIAAdOOc?format=png&name=small
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgSxdxoXkAIzN2Z?format=png&name=small



https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FW-6xBnXoAMY6By?format=jpg&name=medium
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FGzQpUEXsAElOlT?format=jpg&name=900x900
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1036251089768554527/Meme.png

now I'm getting the ads
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888483340485808168/1036241523311915038/greentext-yh2otw.jpg
Smartees!
Lies
Smarties are more ovuloid
This are cylindrical
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1036406492594712596/image0-76.jpg
https://eloncodereview.com/
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1036411247903653938/rif-1667169442719.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1036409089481252954/rif-1667165172085-7.jpg
https://www.reddit.com/r/assholedesign/comments/yhlxjg/someone_made_a_program_that_checks_to_make_sure/
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931105274201247774/1036101392408006756/image0.jpg
what is this last one?
it's based on Jean Baudrillard's four stages of simulacra, the stages of the breakdown of the sign or image into simulation
you can see this in things like zoomer memes and NFTs
'The fourth stage is pure simulacrum, in which the simulacrum has no relationship to any reality whatsoever
Here, signs merely reflect other signs and any claim to reality on the part of images or signs is only of the order of other such claims
This is a regime of total equivalency, where cultural products need no longer even pretend to be real in a naïve sense, because the experiences of consumers' lives are so predominantly artificial that even claims to reality are expected to be phrased in artificial, "hyperreal" terms
Any naïve pretension to reality as such is perceived as bereft of critical self-awareness, and thus as oversentimental.'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1036439733045317773/unknown.png

ive seen this photo and description dozens of times in the last couple weeks and never thought anything of it
but where do I buy the "Target Dog Monopoly"
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472>
https://www.target.com/p/monopoly-game-target-edition/-/A-82006502?ref=tgt_adv_XS000000&AFID
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124111156383774/1036455640098426990/Statues-of-Jesus-and-the-Virgin-Mary-in-a-Hindu-temple.png

Dorian Gra
hmm! Is it bad?
We should watch something in the near future
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124111156383774/1036492061622407188/unknown.png
We need Bad Movie Arbiter and King of the Synclounge hats like this
Hindu temple with Jesus Christ and Mary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbanda
'it's basically hanging out with spirits who drink, smoke, light a lot of candles, make funny dishes, and smear greasy and/or smelly things on your body'

So you buy a tv for 100 M-dollars
Why would you get rent for it?
right?
I have COVID 😢
I have not been reliable for movies for that reason
oh I thought that's what might be going on
Additional or alternate self-worship days to the birthday, when the Sun conjuncts its own natal place:
the Ascendant Day, when the Sun conjuncts the Ascendant;
day when the Sun meets one's Lot of Fortune;
day when the Sun meets one's Lot of Spirit;
day the Sun is conjunct with the natal Moon;
day when Moon is conjunct the natal Sun (this occurs monthly, and I always note it);
lunar return, the day each month when the Moon is conjunct the natal Moon
<@941028993975603200>
Additional or alternate self-worship days to the birthday, when the Sun conjuncts its own natal place:
the Ascendant Day, when the Sun conjuncts the Ascendant;
day when the Sun meets one's Lot of Fortune;
day when the Sun meets one's Lot of Spirit;
day the Sun is conjunct with the natal Moon;
2 to 3 days when Moon is conjunct the natal Sun (this occurs monthly, and I always note it);
lunar return, the 2 to 3 days each month when the Moon is conjunct the natal Moon
Additional or alternate self-worship days to the birthday, when the Sun conjuncts its own natal place:
the Ascendant Day, when the Sun conjuncts the Ascendant;
day when the Sun meets one's Lot of Fortune;
day when the Sun meets one's Lot of Spirit;
day the Sun is conjunct with the natal Moon;
when Moon is conjunct the natal Sun (this occurs monthly, and I always note it);
the monthly lunar return, when the Moon is conjunct the natal Moon
Download Bridget and Amon
Download Bridget eamon

I assume it's like Airbnb where you own the asset but people borrow it for a while and pay you for it
Say if you need to impress someone or have an event
But what really confuses me are the consumables like coffee and honey
How tf do you extract rent from that
I am just generally unreliable for movies
Sorry you've been dealing with the 'VID
hope you start feeling better soon
Burning man
You're describing burning man
Monopoly is a game where players pretend to be capitalist asset-owners, to extract rent from the poor non-owners
in the fourth level of simulacra, it’s become a game where no player owns the means of production
https://bonnersferryherald.com/news/2022/aug/19/library-aug-18-story/
https://www.npr.org/2022/08/31/1119752817/local-libraries-have-become-a-major-political-and-cultural-battleground
https://religionnews.com/2022/08/22/christian-groups-step-up-harassment-of-wiccan-festivals/
https://www.vice.com/en/article/m7g5yq/students-are-using-ai-to-write-their-papers-because-of-course-they-are
'“I still do my homework on things I need to learn to pass, I just use AI to handle the things I don’t want to do or find meaningless”'
perfect
What could this even be made from $2.88 Jesus
<@151994782246240257>
+$34 S&H
Tru
Get u a chat who does both
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thrills
'floral rosewater flavor'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1036655469089001502/unknown.png
Probably:
* made from waste materials
* locks you into a subscription model
* assembled by slave labor 
* Spring's next hot fashion trend
I think you nailed it
100% benzene
Will cause uterine cancer
Fast fashion faster cancer
The perfect accessory to Gov
Kemp making birth control illegal, can’t get BC? Get these sneakers and a medically necessary hysterectomy instead
'Actually that's the origin story
They were trying to make a rose flavoured gum, and it kept coming out soapy, so eventually they just decided to say fuck it, it's soap'
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgYhFEiXEAEg0-L.jpg
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FBRXGFsVUAk3Mu2?format=jpg&name=4096x4096
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FBRUy5gVEAE1BWM?format=jpg&name=4096x4096
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FA3z8P9WUAES3gZ?format=jpg&name=large
They taught me how to write formulaic 5 paragraph essays, and went into detail about the format of each sentence
We were basically given a template, like a mad-libs essay format

https://nypost.com/2022/07/14/elon-musks-dad-76-confirms-secret-child-with-stepdaughter/
He helped raise her since she was 4 years old


Damn no climb hold boxes out of view



What is this man’s style?
he's against censorship of bare legs
where can we get these hats
i will buy them now
or similar hats
do we also buy tiki torches?
I think I've seen them called 'Tsongkhapa hats,' but I'm not sure if that's what they're *really* called
https://www.psypost.org/2022/10/new-study-provides-insight-into-the-cognitive-mechanisms-underlying-ketamines-rapid-antidepressant-effects-64175

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsjUEN2s7FA
HEY
How come all those comic book superheroes never stopped serial killers?
superman v
jack the ripper
spiderman v
jeffrey dahmer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/They/Them_(film)
so its the polar opposite of Sleepaway Camp
good question
somebody
anybody
<@724882617719193661> <@636681296457891862> <@557419862826156042> @anybodywhocodes
i have to write a 'find the islands' functions and i dont wanna
im tryna make a crossword puzzle generator
to help me learn Waray-Waray
and trick <@724882617719193661> into learning it with me
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472>
javascript people be like:
```js
function dfs(i, j) {
   //...
```
> WOAH
that takes way too many characters.
> let me change it so its cleaner
```js
const dfs = (i, j) => {
   //...
```
> perfect
https://mobile.twitter.com/lhfang/status/1587114424925442049
'How does DHS justify its evolving mission from countering foreign terror groups to policing domestic "disinfo" on social media? Leaked planning docs show the agency argues false information is a source of radicalization & violence.'
well yeah
it's the DHS
defund it
who cares
its literally called the "Department of Homeland Security" and you think they're not gonna be involved in censorship
https://theintercept.com/2022/10/31/social-media-disinformation-dhs/
Sorry I only code for work good luck tho
SOOO WHAAAT
what is this, 2001?
hy?
why?
get a job at a crossword company
follow your passions <@636681296457891862>
your passion for crossword puzzles
<@724882617719193661> help me make a crossword algorithm
mine sucks
poor jeffrey dahmer
Nice boundaries 👍

<@800126234297630740> I remember you used to do this with those Chipotle burritos
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1036837068875251802/unknown-98.png

This just means that the negatives of social media are going to put even more pressure on people to not use
What if we started calling super heroes "serial savers"
I want to see a TV show that shows a competent policymaker doing mundane things the whole season but the final episode is them getting a very important bill passed
Download child's play 1988


https://twitter.com/0x49fa98/status/1587144438643675137



https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/467763902810292224/1036143719583326248/unknown.png
make link for aabra
make link for aabra
why was this posted this year?
are we finally getting rid of the DHS?
lol
from what I understand, the actual process of policymaking is all the annoying campaign and fundraising stuff
they could file bills all day every day if they wanted
seems like their job, in general, is to stop legislation from passing too fast, because it's too easy
quarantine sucks btw
but all y'all already got covid
people say strip clubs are full of diseases but i had to go to strip clubs for almost a whole year to get covid
https://youtu.be/cXTdyCGW9zc
I kinda like that we don’t have a genera bad-engineering channel
I gotta recast my knowledge into these categories
Also
https://youtu.be/uznXI8wrdag
These people produce a diy kit for growing your own mycelium structures
https://grow.bio/products/grow-it-yourself-material
But the kit doesn’t have spores you add to wood chips
They only have wood chips with spores already in the@
You moisten them and add some nutrients then given them a week to grow
It doesn’t produce a mushroom, or a “fungus” really
It artificially makes the stringy mycelial network that would grow in the dirt grow in the air around the wood chips
I would like to be able to produce our own mycelial mixture to add to the wood chips
https://youtu.be/46WZfo1yFkI

Grimes?
I'm not sure
It was painted by someone in a hermetic group
If you had to make a wild accusation, would you say you got it from a stripper, or a patron!
Creepy that it’s in a fancy looking frame,
Swarm vibes intensify
I hate how all the right wing media is making everyone holophobic these days
Love is love and topology is topology
This is AMAZING
It's like SWATting but with graffiti and robots
https://twitter.com/Paracelsus1092/status/1587436974100697094
Patron, strippers have very well prepared immune systems
But it’s tough to argue I got it from there at all
Could have been a store or hallway in my building
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1037065840689938442/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1037065958583435374/unknown.png
You know, I think it's a damn shame we aren't using radioisotopes to map the flow of specific COVID vectors
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092156284809246/1037065874491838485/IMG_4912.jpg
Is this a simulacra
Why is he so nervous
postpartum nerves?
https://twitter.com/minusplnp/status/1587449368323375104
Download Barbarian 2022
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/950956199338192967/1037057971118669914/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/950956199338192967/1037063637413666876/Screenshot_20221101-140026.png
wait how would we do that
radioactive mouthwash?
download lu over the wall
Is this the multi-stage rocket to get to heaven?
I like that chaos-and-dark-matter-powered first stage
I'm mildly concerned about the animal-powered second stage though
Download Peter von Kant 2022
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fb/Ralls_Texas_Grain_Silos_2010.jpg/640px-Ralls_Texas_Grain_Silos_2010.jpg
it's what they keep in all those silos throughout places like Illinois
(simulacra is the plural of simulacrum)
1
Corn
2
Candy Corn
3
Nerds Candy Corn
4
???
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1037106041537699941/20221101_162300.jpg
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgaRCjbUUAA03Lg?format=jpg&name=large
https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpsyg.2020.01826/full
<@941028993975603200>
https://youtu.be/B_QnHKblsKk
who is this comradejordan
Endocarditis
someone on tumblr
Jim lithium
Bundle of my head 🗣️
Periodic table of the elements

feeding in the Gulf of Thailand
https://youtu.be/dECE7285GxU
Brønsted–Lowry acid–base theory





'16th-century portrait of Hungarian nobleman Gregor Baci, who was impaled with a lance during a tournament
He lived for another year with the sawn-off piece lodged in his head (The white paint was likely made of zinc oxide, which would have helped prevent infection)'
https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregor_Baci


https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgeFtUxXEAIkuGd?format=jpg&name=small

https://www.etsy.com/shop/URINALCHICKS?ref=simple-shop-header-name&listing_id=1036844249
they only sell this painting, with different teams' jerseys
they only sell this painting, customized with different teams' jerseys

https://nypost.com/2022/11/01/family-turns-beloved-dead-golden-retriever-into-rug/
male young adult kalashtar lumberjack he looks a bit sad i wonder why He has onyx eyes and white hair, which is in two tight french braids
He has tan skin with a greenish undertone
He is pretty muscular.
Octavian Greathouse


https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1037298607545659483/RDT_20221102_0940437445798270003173680.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888483340485808168/1037351560419754004/20221102_085614.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1037425885642502245/ai-art-accepting-job.jpg
Wild
I'm amazed at just how easy it is to fuck up your body or someone else's with firearms
Saw a video where a military guy in some other country managed to _accidentally_ use a shotgun to blow off one hand and absolutely destroy the other
I want to see metal gear solid 4's PMC ID lock system and all the unintended consequences that brings
I’ve never seen the necessity in owning a firearm
Not saying no one should, I’ve just never heard a convincing argument
Maybe my view would be different with different life experience.
My neighbor Karl owns some guns
Chatting over the fence on our property line once, I asked him about his hunting
He shoots what he’s planning on eating that winter (and providing some to friends and family)
But he doesn’t hunt with guns
He hunts with a bow and arrow
When I asked him why he has the guns, he said “rather have em than not”
When I asked him why he doesn’t hunt with guns, he smiled (Karl never smiles) and said “that’s not how I kill”.

I like Karl.
I bet Karl has killed people
But it was because he had to, and he didn't enjoy it
I agree with your first statement but I feel like there would be a lot to unpack from the second statement if we really needed to know.
I hope you stay friends with Karl, and more importantly, I hope you don't become his enemy
Me too

lol she’s obviously never shot a gun a gun before
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/467763849139847188/1036916701159231488/unknown.png
National Crime Agency sounds like a DC Comics bad guy club

lol
yeah, as long as you continue to extract 'wealth' from your imperial territories, the homeland tends to avoid famine
the famines get pushed off to your vassal states
Irish potato famine (British colonialization)
Native American (buffalo extinction)
Cuba embargo
Dust bowl )US)
Columbia (US destroyed crops)
Equador (US destroyed crops)
Vietnam (US destroyed crops, agent orange)
Cambodia (US destroyed crops)
even if you don't believe in climate change and the crops currently being lost due to it, there's plenty of capitalism-caused famine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Late_Victorian_Holocausts
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bengal_famine_of_1943
Capitalism is very powerful indeed to be able to cause El Niño and to be able to provide the means to wage world wars.
Should we prevent capitalism from arising from certain countries?
Maybe Capitalism is too advanced a technology for use by mankind.
I think the US could prevent capitalism from arising in third or second world countries.
All we have to do is take away their electricity.
Then they can’t implement capitalism because there would be no way to compete in the global marketplace.
Also if we take away their oil that would also prevent capitalism from arising in their countries.
I wonder why this hasn’t been done by countries with empire aspirations
 It makes total sense once you conquer a country, don’t let capitalism happen
Eventually you can extract all the wealth while keeping them in the Stone Age.
I can't tell if you're trolling
because that's what has happened, consistently
capitalism has been spread over the earth because it *is* the wealth extraction mechanism
it's happened so consistently that we can't even talk about capitalism without including those vassal states and their inability to develop actual capitalism
internally
we called them "banana republics"
a banana republic is a facet of capitalism
when we tried to introduce European capitalism to Africa, there were a lot of concerns that we were preventing Africa from developing capitalism on it's own
then we switched pretty quick to global capitalism and stopped caring
Download seven psychopaths
US and Great Britain developed using state intervention, protectionist policies and tariffs to protect their producers during the developmental stage, but forced 'free trade' on others
https://twitter.com/KaleighRogers/status/1587807892354351104
https://www.reddit.com/r/StableDiffusion/comments/yipeod/my_sdcreations_being_stolen_by_nftbros/
Of course, now we know that the enormous increase in global production and population through the 19th and 20th centuries was made possible not because of capitalism or markets, but because of an abundance of cheap energy - fossil fuels like petroleum
Try to imagine the possible scale of an industrial revolution based only on wood charcoal and whale blubber
Now that the age of cheap energy is over and we are facing ecological disaster, we will see how well capitalism and its parasite oligarchs fare
Solar
 That’s why Elon is the wealthiest man on earth.
Solar is the next cheap energy source.
Sadly that means nothing can stop capitalism once it’s powered by the sun.
https://twitter.com/sebgorka/status/1586716751412207619?s=46&t=82Jq90tgJtIR_Tou80A7UA
I’m not sure if I should feel sorry for that person for crying.
I mean I get it, it’s tough when there are a lot of customers.
Imagine how we could change society if non unionized professionals could cry on the Internet about their job without being laughed at.
download hellboy
cool lol
https://youtu.be/kPg1Ki8XYuw
We can see how well things like solar and wind will work out during the centuries of decline by looking at Germany during current the Russia-Ukraine war - it seems they just made Germany very dependent on Russian natural gas
solar power will never be capable of supporting infinite capitalist economic growth; it can't even sustain current levels of energy use, let alone exponentially increasing energy use
It will require innumerable batteries, for which minerals must be mined and which will require toxic disposal sites
But really adequate electricity storage hasn't even been developed
it actually requires a huge energy input, so it doesn't produce enough net energy to replace fossil fuels
It's also an intermittent power source dependent on daylight and good weather
I guess this is ok if your capitalist utopia won't be operating 24/7
solar will be helpful on a small scale, but the only real solution is to drastically reduce electricity consumption
It will be interesting to watch how people deal with all this - oil, coal, and natural gas won't simply apocalyptically disappear one day, it will be more like the wasting away of a chronic fatal illness, with occasional sudden breakdowns and disruptions
They'll just gradually get more and more scarce and expensive, slowly slipping beyond the reach of individuals and eventually, entire countries
Those with more privilege and power will probably be able to hang onto the means to access it longer
We've only entered the beginning years of the dying process
I used to listen to it way more but the British History Podcast was critiquing The Last Kingdom and how randomly their livestock expert was spot on with the wooly pigs
Working on somethin

I think pink worked out the best here, and maybe a pixie stick

Hmmm I do want to tune In Sometime
(Am open to suggestions on these
I’d like to avoid adding gin as an ingredient tho

<@800126234297630740> do you think eating Vegemite may cause strong shitposting urges?

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1037542148180025404/FglwokWXkAE7h-z.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1037603976604028928/IMG_3529.jpg
https://infiniteconversation.com/

What?!?!??

https://youtu.be/cvl_J_Qn5JM
Marxism could be classified as an atheist branch of Christianity
νυστάζωm, 'to be half-asleep, to doze.'  *Nustamancy* would then be the art of half-conscious, half-asleep divinatory scrying or prophecy
Can't you just steal a leetcode submission
You guys should get into open gnss
I think that the top 1% should pay no tax
 Then everyone in the 2% will try to increase their income to get into the top 1%
Thus creating shifting the 2% downwards and providing incentive for them to get into the top %1
 Etc etc
 the economic growth would be exponential as more and more wealthy folks transfer their wealth into the US in order to attain getting into the tax free 1%.
The Three Body Problem
1 part Absolut Citroen
1 part Southern Comfort 
Splash of cranberry juice 
Garnished with candied lime and Saturnal cherry
Hahaha big dumb idiots didn't know which way this Mondrian was supposed to be hung up 

https://geartape.com/art-world-jumbled-as-famous-painting-displayed-incorrectly-for-77-years/
"sleep deprived spirituality"
<:wickedlaughter:1005379476630290472> <:roasted:1009501230869004328>
https://www.npr.org/2022/08/25/1119412217/how-the-ultrawealthy-devise-ways-to-not-pay-their-share-of-taxes
Just start a religion - churches and religious entities are exempt from US federal, state, and local income and property taxes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ensign_Peak_Advisors
https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-mormon-church-amassed-100-billion-it-was-the-best-kept-secret-in-the-investment-world-11581138011
We don't have exponentially increasing energy use
It looked like we did for a while, but we don't
There are no real-world exponential curves
They all turn into logistic curves.
of course
They seem to think they wil though
😂 eventually the earth would just burn up
economic growth is based on energy usage
There isn't much benefit in "feeling sorry" for someone
If by "sorry" you mean "compassion", that's helpful
Compassion is sympathetic, not empathetic
You don't need to understand personally how they are suffering to be sympathetic
To be sympathetic, you simply acknowledge that they appear to be suffering


Additionally, at least in Buddhism, you have sympathy for someone's *suffering*, not for the circumstances or reality they're facing
In Buddhist philosophy, all suffering is caused by *attachment*, usually to some material earthly cause, so effectively all compassion and all sympathy is compassion for someone's attachment to some earthly material cause
If you want to be a prick about it, then yeah, all material causes are pretty stupid
If your house burned down: "Lol, idiot, why did you care so much about your house, ya idiot." All compassion is for attachment, and all attachment is laughably stupid, so it's not really worth dismissing anyone's suffering, because then we'd have to dismiss everyone's suffering.
There are children in the Philippines who hang out near tourist areas and maintain large open wounds for as long as they can to improve their panhandling from 'wealthy' tourists -- if they're suffering, why are they so attached to their arms not having open wounds?

There are wealthy people who lose billions of dollars in valuation in their stock holdings -- if they're suffering, why are they so attached to their wealth?
perhaps in capitalist thinking they believe exploitation functions better if one is unsympathetic or impervious to the sufferings of the people who are exploited
Why bother mentioning compassion at all if there's a limit to it? If every flex of your compassion muscle is gonna be "well that's not really worth my compassion LOL" then why bring up compassion at all?
There's just no point to opposing your own experience of compassion.
It's not gonna hurt ya
It's sympathy
Don't have empathy for someone's suffering, I don't recommend that, that'll hurt ya.
Americans have all the wrong words for this stuff.
"feel sorry", "deserve", etc
Deserve is a funny word, and I kinda laugh every time I see people use it now
I saw someone trying to use a noun form of the word "deserve", they said something like "you don't  have a 'deserving' of that thing you want"
You know what the noun form of "deserve" is? The word is desert.
It's a legal term, they call it a "just desert", as in justice + deserving.
Americans like to believe that "desert" is something you have after the savory courses of your dinner, and most Americans never have it at all
"Desert" is a luxury, which is probably why Americans believe it's reasonable that some people aren't allowed justice.
Poor Americans firmly believe that nobody "deserves" their "just deserts", except for the wealthiest of wealthy people, because:
> ..
everyone in the 2% will try to increase their income to get into the top 1%.
lol tf is this
the thing that always holds me back in projects like this is actually hard drive space
I've set up neat data collectors before and I have money to buy more receivers/sensors, but the rate I'm consuming disk space is so high that if I add more sensors I'll just run out of disk space in a few days so I stick to one
Most of my projects seem to be halted by my lack of a data warehouse
Why don't you have a data warehouse
The other issue, also solved by a data warehouse, is backups and data redundancy
Ok so like I could buy a few more SDR's, each SDR costs about $200
how many hard drives do I want per SDR?
Well I want to be able to not worry about the data retention for at least 10 years, typical hard drives have an expected life span of 5 years, and I want triple-redundancy, so that's `10/5*3` I want 6 hard drives per SDR
a 10TB hard drive is about $500, the low-end kind that's likely to fail quickly, but it's the best I can budget
one $200 SDR is +$3000 hard drive for 10 years
so it's $3200 per sensor
$200 SDR? If you're gonna spend all that money on gnss just buy an asic
yeah
but again
most of the cost isn't the SDR
Yeah but like what exactly are you storing anyway with gnss
I guess that's the driving point
What's the fun to be had
If you're interested in signal processing for the sake of signal processing I guess yeah you need big storage
If you're interested in mapping it's really not that much storage at all
Dan you should buy a Trimble Catalyst subscription and map everywhere you go with centimeter accuracy
Weirdly, in terms of your research goals, justifying the cost of a data warehouse is more important than the project at hand
Start publishing a list of very precise waypoints
Maybe it will be useful someday
this sounds cool
hosted data warehouses sound like they could be an affordable solution, but take AWS for example:
10TB on AWS Redshift = $245/mo
in 6 months, you could have 3x 10tb hard drives
with hosted data warehousing you also need to take into account network costs
your home ISP won't charge you per GB, but AWS will
it's very important to start your own home data warehouse
and I have been too lazy
I do have 3 servers for it
I can see you aren't interested in the thing I'm interested in you just want a reason to talk about data warehouses
maybe I'll do it this year
I do want to do the GNSS thing, I want historical satellite data 😢
The government does all that for you
once you have the satellite data, you're gonna ask other questions, and if you had more of that SDR data you would already be able to ask those questions
What is the strandbeest equivalent of a data warehouse
thats my data warehouse
my sever cabinet that's been offline for 6 months
If Janssen's linkage is analogous to a wheel
lol
What is the janssen's linkage equivalent analogue to a server
oh like how could I simplify it and still get most of the functionality?
I like your triple redundancy, Dan.
No how can you confound it and still get comparable functionality
hm
IPFS?
<@557419862826156042> can you do map-reduce on IPFS yet
dis my shit
<@&874406377982926889> anybody wanna watch a movie
in my lineage we usually use terms like 'open-heartedness,' 'vast-heartedness,' or 'listening heart,' instead of compassion
I think there should be tax breaks based on how wide your asshole is
I think billionaires should have to pay 100% of their income until they prove they can fit a 3" wide dildo in their ass
I love this
I want to live in a world where your worth is determined by the size of your butt plug
but in Buddhist terms, we could talk about satisficing utility by *decreasing* one's cravings and aversions
You no longer crave a smartphone or big TV? Congratulations, by being satisfied, you've gained thousands of dollars of wealth
I read yesterday that one of the royal successions in Persia was decided by a guy fondling a horse's vagina
ok I didn't really read anything it was a buzzfeed video on youtube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoixtV5igUo
I don't have any opinions on that
I just think there should be stronger economic incentive to widen our assholes
I couldn't agree more
I think that's what markets are for
I can join after my practices
<@151994782246240257> are you doing any gnss data collection yet?
is that why you suggested it lol
I did lots of gnss data collection when I was working for a survey sales company
But it was not using anything open source
I considered it cause I think it is a really fun problem to try and work through, signal processing is cool
But I'm more interested in the actual mapping part
I work at a satellite company now and I've been trying to find cool space-rated open source projects I may be able to make money with
I wonder if you can get a bunch of cheap LEO cubesats to do GNSS with augmentation from the high powered geostationary GPS/Baidu/GLONASS school-bus satellites
Have the cubesats talk on ham frequencies and use satnogs
Interesting thought
I don't think so though
How do you calibrate your satellites?
You'll spend as much effort locating the satellites as you will using them to locate anything else
Radio time of flight and synchronization with GPS
https://db.satnogs.org/
You and everyone else would know where the satellites are
You can update them with keplerian data once someone's ground station observes them
Accurate ephemeris data is a hard enough problem with geostationary satellites operated by the government
What augmentation is being done by your constellation? I have to assume you'd just be getting GPS But Worse
I have an idea
Let's all build cloud chambers and film them 24/7
And shield them as much as we can from most angles
And try to pair our cosmic rays
And use them to geolocate ourselves
Also I don't mean to step on your idea it's cool I'm thinking through the process because I want it to work
A cubesat system like that might be useful in extremely adverse conditions if you had it transmitting on a band with really good penetration
Even if accuracy is degraded, being able to get 10 minutes a day of geolocation in a wooded gorge is better than 0 minutes a day
I wonder if you could get something like gps-but-worse, but it is operable if say GPS frequencies are jammed or something
I'm driving to Pasadena with Ted
We're going to Supercon!
You start to hit a limit where conventional navigation is strictly better
So it needs to be good enough to at least surpass that
We could also make scintillators out of PIN diodes
Do you know about muon tomography
Also known as voodoo space magic
I think this means finding a weird niche edge case where GPS AND dead reckoning / conventional navigation fail and talk to those people who are frustrated about it
I made 2 boards to test my eurorack parts library
There's a big darpa grant waiting for you if you can make a good alt-pnt
John Lent Cope Suck My Dick component test
Man I love explaining gnss to people
It's like standing in your driveway and listening really closely for a car honking in the next neighborhood over
But it's a specific car at your friend's house
Also actually there's 40 cars and they're at different friends' houses
lol
Also they're 12000 miles away
Also there's actually 10000 other cars honking
dude <@557419862826156042> <@452906813558489100> , there's a plugin for kicad6.0 that does autorouting


Gross



Anyway what you're describing is called satellite timing and location (STL) and there's a few companies doing it I think
https://satelles.com/technology/satellite-time-and-location-stl/overview-of-stl/
That's awesome man
https://soundcloud.com/waterspirit/water-spirit-smybh-feat-ouija-macc?ref=clipboard&p=a&c=0&si=f3b5b958e8e949338cc6bd29b77b0cb2&utm_source=clipboard&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=social_sharing
Vvvv cool
It's in Java! 🤢
I want to know if there's any way to reuse parts of the nextpnr code for PCB design routing
yeah but it works and takes like 5s
(Nextpnr is the open source FPGA stuff)
We need simulated annealing!
cool!
hackaday supercon?
lol
people dont say simulated annealing anymore, hm
i guess they say gradient descent
I think that's what buttplug.io is for
Fellas!
https://www.bereli.com/damascus-flexforce-riot-control-suit-fx1/

I'm not looking for any doomsday prepping but apparently this would make a pretty good base for a cosplay
I almost kind of want to get it since 150 for actual functional armor isn't terrible
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/226772058690813953/1037853094018568222/FB_IMG_1667513829829.jpg
When will there be virtual algorithmic consumers? They can earn income doing some virtual activity, then they can spend it on goods and services
Simulacrum economic growth!
we would only need actual people to build and maintain giant server ziggurats to run it all
Like a corporate internal market?
yeh!
Artificial workers who consume things and get a budget
I guess the only thing that you need is to put barriers around some things to give it ‘autonomy’
then, in the future deindustrial age, our descendants will point to the ruins of the ziggurats and tell stories of the evil giants who built them
but yes, you can program their preferences
There are already virtual economies in games
our slogan can be **Capitalism Without People**
Capitalism will work better without people - there need never be slack in demand or productivity
AIs will be so good at going into debt and using leverage, too - their economy will explode in size
if bots are clicking on ads, well, the bots have preferences, an *income,* and *make purchases,* so it won't be a problem to the advertisers (who will also be bots)
if bots are clicking on ads, well, the bots have preferences, an *income* and credit, and *make purchases,* so it won't be a problem to the advertisers (who will also be bots)

https://youtu.be/KsASkh130dA
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124132824162385/1038015982263877683/Screenshot_20221104-030253_YouTube.jpg
Youtube tackling Sanskrit
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1038001801284304896/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1038015121093566475/Tumblr_l_199391539736036.jpg


'Our picture of a collapsing empire revolves around the final invasion - the reality is that implosion is a slow, grinding, gloomy deterioration
A slow inability to build new things, to look after the populace, to repair infrastructure
Essentials get more expensive
The elite retreat to enclaves and gated communities
The State becomes less and less able to respond to natural disasters.'
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1038111358442537051/image.png

Morse code tree


https://www.salon.com/2022/11/02/north-carolina-wants-rape-panels-to-decide-whether-victims-can-get-abortions/

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FgvCc3MXEAALE4r?format=jpg&name=large
no context worm
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/autopilot-investment-app/id1613625799?utm_source=News+Articles&utm_medium=News+Artlces&utm_campaign=News+Articles&utm_id=News+Articles
copy other traders, including politicians


a taxi driver in India resuscitating a monkey attacked by dogs
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/931092193798684702/1038159664183005306/unknown.png

Anthony Arash Kianvar

Trying to eat a capybara

https://www.tiktok.com/@creatingjayrose/video/7159343128955194666

https://twitter.com/ugroyp/status/1579210483936071680
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cf/Arya_Achala_Tibet_12th_century%2C_Kadam_Lineage_Collection_of_Shelley_%26_Donald_Rubin_%28cropped%29.jpg/800px-Arya_Achala_Tibet_12th_century%2C_Kadam_Lineage_Collection_of_Shelley_%26_Donald_Rubin_%28cropped%29.jpg
Acala
'Most vajra class deities are wrathful, and Akshobhya himself appears in grand tantric form in some of the Sarma cycles
His main wrathful form is Acala, aka Fudo Myoo, mountain god of the shugenja.
'Mental illness often results in disability; disability results in overwhelming obstacles to simple functioning
A disabled person or person living in a crisis of mental illness is generally seen as being weak or exhibiting low strength, but the reality is almost always that they are exercising the greatest effort to maintain where they are
A mistaken approach to Akshobhya might endorse a view in which his practice teaches one how to "work your way out of" one's problems, but only outwardly peaceful Vajra-class deities have this element of "outward strength."
'Wrathful gods usually interpret things in antinominan terms; things which are gross are in fact beautiful, things which are foul are pure, things which are weak are strong
Wrathful gods do not solve problems by coming to terms with them, they solve problems by fucking murdering them
But when a Buddha murders something, just as when he touches something gross or foul or weak, only liberation is achieved

This is why nearly every sadhana of Vajrakila (another Akshobhya wrathful form) begins with the verse: *Anger is destroyed by means of Vajra anger.*'
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/82/%E4%B8%8D%E5%8B%95%E6%98%8E%E7%8E%8B%E5%9D%90%E5%83%8F-Fud%C5%8D_My%C5%8D%C5%8D_MET_DP356182.jpg/800px-%E4%B8%8D%E5%8B%95%E6%98%8E%E7%8E%8B%E5%9D%90%E5%83%8F-Fud%C5%8D_My%C5%8D%C5%8D_MET_DP356182.jpg
Hey someone help me understand Star Trek
There is a timeline or a universe where everything in the ST universe happens
However it is entirely independent from the universe we exist in where there was a TV show about Star Trek.
Everything else about 20th and 21st century earth is the same but the show Star Trek doesn't exist?
we've already moved into areas where the timeline diverges, like WW3, Khan, and the Bell Riots
'By 1993, a wave of the genetic "supermen," including Khan, had simultaneously assumed control of more than forty of Earth's nations
From 1992 to 1996, Khan was absolute ruler of more than one-quarter of Earth's population, including regions of Asia and the Middle East
Considered "the best of tyrants"; Khan's reign was considered the most benevolent.'
https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Khan_Noonien_Singh
'In the mid-1990s, the Augment tyrants began warring among themselves
Other nations joined in, to force them from power, in a series of struggles that became known as the Eugenics Wars
Eventually, most of the tyrants were defeated and their territory recaptured, but up to ninety "supermen" were never accounted for.

Khan escaped the wars and their consequences along with eighty-four followers, who swore to live and die at his command
He saw his best option in a risky, self-imposed exile
In 1996, he took control of a DY-100-class interplanetary sleeper ship he christened SS Botany Bay'
https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Bell_Riots
'By the 2020s, the American government – reacting to serious problems of homelessness and unemployment – created special Sanctuary Districts (essentially walled-off sections of the city grid) in most major cities
Unfortunately – while established with the benevolent intent of providing free housing and food, as well as prospects for future employment – the Sanctuaries quickly degenerated into inhumane internment camps for the poor.'
so it's already diverged
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1038221219666866216/IMG_20221104_142353_961.jpg
https://m.imdb.com/title/tt1562904/
https://www.pro-lapse.com/
This film is despicable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-hwSgKNHD4
A story that shows how we can reconcile the teachings of Advaita, Vishishta Advaita, and Dvaita.
'It's a story about three sadhus, three monks who were trained in the lineages of Madhva, Ramanuja, and Shankara, respectively
One day, they went to the sea shore
Standing in the sand, the first sadhu, who was a follower of Madhva, said to the others, "Look at the vast ocean
See how every wave is born from the ocean, sustained by the ocean, and eventually returns to the ocean
That's exactly how Madhva described the relationship between individual souls and Lord Vishnu
And see how each wave is different from the others, and different from the ocean itself
That's like Madhva's famous doctrine of difference
And see how waves depend on the ocean for their existence, but the ocean exists independent of the waves
That's like Madhva's teaching that every soul depends on Lord Vishnu for its existence, but the Lord himself is independent of his creation."
'The other two sadhus listened carefully
Then the second sadhu, a follower of Ramanuja, described the ocean quite differently
He said, "I understand your perspective, but as you can see, every single wave is a small part of the ocean
The vast ocean possesses countless waves, just like Lord Vishnu possesses countless divine attributes, as Ramanuja said
And each wave is a tiny part of the vast ocean, just like each soul is a tiny spark of Lord Vishnu's infinite divinity
All the waves are attributes or aspects of the ocean, just like the world and souls are all various aspects of Lord Vishnu, as Ramanuja taught us."
'After a long pause, the third sadhu, a follower of Shankara, said to the others, "What each of you said doesn't make any sense to me." "What," they exclaimed
"Don't you see all the waves?" 
"What waves are you talking about?" he said.
"Don't you see the ocean?" they asked.
"What ocean?" he said.
"Then, what do you see?" they asked.
"Water," he said
"I see only water
Here, there is water alone, just like Shankara said that all that exists is Brahman alone."
The three sadhus on the beach went on arguing late into the night
Who do you think won the argument? None of them
Each sadhu was right from his own perspective
All three explanations were correct from their respective points of view.'
'The road wrote is not the road rode  
Nor the rote read the rite wrought'
What no
That did happen
Is happening
We call it urban alchemy in San Francisco
https://urban-alchemy.us/

Isn’t doomsday prepping basically cosplay anyway
And yeah $150 I can’t think of anything I’d use it for but it’s worth it
Oh now
Twink
I like the booty hole armor
Gay fish
Fishdicks
Ye
Kanye West holding a menorah
Why are these apparently so zoomed in?
The website looks really good
They don't mention anything about building walls or dumpster fires
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1038292648919846962/image0.jpg
https://www.giantfreakinrobot.com/ent/warner-bros-deleting-purchases.html
Omg, they probably improved the resolution
I’m manually mashing them together
https://youtu.be/oExNhqX2Qbk
She has some kind of vibrating bucket of rice with crystals in it
And she does scoops
😅 just random scoops?
Yes
Sometimes she puts a guarantee crystal in it, like a snowman
Woman with big butt
Psychedelic business cat
no way to fix it?
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/1AyqnJFygCw
I love "the grilling grandma" now

I will explain this to anyone who wants to know
But I'm going to have to stop explaining it when people don't want to know
Because ya'll are annoying af
and broke.
new tagline for this server?

Why now, Judy?
Probably just gotta tweak jewD's code a lil bit
Probably just gotta tweak jewD's code a lil bit
they increased the resolution from 256x256 to 734x734

nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
I also added a URL you can embed as an image https://bodygen.re:8081/craiyon?q=dungeons%20and%20dragons
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie
!markovmovie

daniel lewis
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as the filling in a burrito
nicolas cage as spaghetti
nicolas cage is the meatballs in a plate of spaghetti
nicolas cage is spaghetti noodles
spaghetti noodles are nicolas cage
spaghetti in the shape of nicolas cage's face
nicolas cage sculpted from butter
mondrian spaghetti
swarovski spaghetti necklace
stripper potato
nicolas cage made out of legos sculpted from butter
nicolas cage sculpted from spaghetti
spaghetti leggings
tomato prophylactic
neil patrick harris kissing nicolas cage in a hot tub full of spaghetti
spaghetti hot tub
why don't you like spaghetti?
tarnished champagne
tomato condom
stripper spaghetti
dj spagetti
dj spaghetti
dj condom
cat condom
cadillac in a pool of champagne
sexy spaghetti
not hot dog
meat condom
spaghetti sculpted from spaghetti
raybans made of spaghetti
raybans made from spaghetti
raybans sculpted from spaghetti
meat trombone
asbestos christmas tree
spaghetti in the style of yayoi kusama
rayban sunglasses made of spaghetti
twitter elon disaster
spaghetti under a microscope
blues brothers sculpted from butter
b-movies
terrible b-movies
the room by tommy wiseau
tommy wiseau
neil breen
neil breen kissing tommy wiseau
rolex hat
hillary clinton kissing adolf hitler
hillary clinton kissing bill clinton
rudy giluani eating shit
rudy giuliani long hair
donald trump long hair
skinny donald trump
thin donald trump
fat joe biden
hitler with a really huge butt
thicc hitler
thiccler
elon musk huge boobs
elon musk winning the oscars for his saturday night live appearance photo realistic
awake at 3am
tomorrow is saturday
today is saturday
i have covid
beautiful young woman with covid on my couch watching blues brothers
luckiest man in the world
i have seen the light
luckiest man in the world
luckiest man in the world
luckiest man in the world
luckiest man in the world
luckiest man in the world
luckiest man in the world
WHY IS THE LUCKIEST MAN IN THE WORLD SO UGLY
unluckiest man in the world
luckiest man in the world who is also attractive
attractive man
jesus christ in a strip club
gandalf in a strip club
your mom in a strip club
strip club sculpted from butter
grandma sculpted from butter in a strip club
grandma fupa
grandma bisexual lighting
grandma pron
grandma rule34
grandma big booty
hitler big booty
impressive big booty
big booty sculpted from butter
90s booty
80s booty
60s booty
butter sculpted from butter
grandma big booty in a strip club shaking her thing
yoga booty
hitler yoga boty
grandma yoga booty
hitler yoga booty
hitler yoga butt
hitler yoga pants
crotchless yoga pants
man and woman yoga pants
tantric yoga
sexy yoga couple
pub food
yoga pub food
dog wearing pants
aretha franklin on mushrooms
riding a train in the afternoon in the rain
japanese train conductor with covid
That's my job right now
I'm trying to get one of those jobs where I send a text to the guy sending the email for 200k
Colder months are ahead of us
(By California standards anything under 70 degrees is cold)
nice!
yeah I don't know how to get that job yet
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124263459962990/1037874141354799114/IMG_8568.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/561252070712410156/1038274752290234368/RDT_20221105_05120919378007276844788.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1038463730238881812/xYxMLlJ.gif
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1038486018631938048/unknown.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1038471401012723772/P4NXDbS.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1038613845276627035/QpjTCHy.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/888483340485808168/1038217325649875044/eat_the_rich__sex_2.png
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/763053037332725790/1038506637767475441/trim.73DC0185-6E00-4CD1-90F1-CC3ED0D949DC.mov


http://pilimi.org/
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Fg0sE1-VQAA35Ok?format=jpg&name=medium
Identical demographic


<:saturn:971128484791472238>
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/352106110267686913/1038665086920831016/322ddb89e3413f90f2843e782fc9a1db.jpg
Do we have guyver dark hero
Cool
Download in the bedroom 2001
Download Weird: The Al Yankovic Story 2022
https://youtube.com/shorts/kaHNN8a_CUo?feature=share
Download little children 2006
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1029124263459962990/1038796306434498570/FB_IMG_1663646016722.jpg

https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1038746525544743013/unknown-19.png
put commutativity to work!
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/788676317083598848/1038770077211832330/FB_IMG_1667576241614.jpg

AMERICA HAS A PLANNED ECONOMY
All functioning economies are planned economies
If you want to see what happens to an economy during state and institutional failure, Somalia after their civil war in 1980s is one famous example, but it would be better to see more examples
Maybe the Albanian Civil War?
aha!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albanian_Civil_War#Pyramid_schemes
Pyramid schemes and 'criminal groups armed themselves and took control of entire cities.'
a capitalist utopia!
If we let laissez faire capitalism actually control food markets, market adjustments would involve a lot of people dying
its not just money that fluctuates when markets adjust
right!
that's why it will be better once we have **Capitalism Without People**

* all functioning economies are mixes of planned economies and free market effects
This is literally the Irish Potato Famine
It wasn't really about the potato fungus at all
But the Chinese (I think) require a Party member on the board of directors for all of their public companies so that the government can have a say
'free market' is just a propaganda term - the idea is really fictional
unless there's an actual state failure
State Failure would be a cool band name
Meh
Black markets are things


lol
Black markets are a thing when there’s production
If you don’t produce enough food in a season, you maybe have international imports to fill the need, but those countries need to overproduce enough to feed their own population, current international obligations, and the population of this given country
https://youtu.be/8JGBNkLM9_8
I think Kathleen Hannah is crawling with **Lyme Disease**
<:saturn:971128484791472238> 💀 <:enduringdestiny:970367195370618960>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfYbgdo8e-8&ab_channel=CGPGrey
https://youtu.be/ohDB5gbtaEQ
This would make me very sad, but I kind of want a #bad-men channel https://www.reddit.com/r/CrazyFuckingVideos/comments/yolm22/stalker_goes_to_cops_to_complain_about_being/
You’ll need to have a bad-women channel
How about instead a channel: bad humanity
How come the government doesn't get stock when it issues grants to businesses?

nah
bad-genders
but its all men and women
not the weird genders
Huhu
A film producer once said:  a bad movie is better than no movie.
https://youtu.be/NpDfpHK5RU0

so that's why he makes 3-5 films a year
we dont have a bad-engineering channel
maybe engineering is art?
i have pcbs to post



now that's Agile 😉
alright when are you going to produce a movie?

I guess we should be making one in the span of 3 months
I wonder what CI/CD movie making would look like
The film is shot at the same time as the script is being written at the same time as the parts are being cast
And it never stops being edited
Fascinating
It's a horse hormone but they give it to cattle?
Or are they factory farms for horses?
https://www.animal-welfare-foundation.org/service/dossiers/production-of-pmsg-in-south-america
> For about 40 years, five companies in Uruguay and Argentina have been operating so-called blood farms
On these farms, blood is taken from pregnant mares for the production of the hormone Pregnant Mare Serum Gonadotropin (PMSG)
More than 10,000 mares are exploited in Uruguay and Argentina for PMSG production
The hormone is exported worldwide, also to the European Union
Buyers are pharmaceutical companies, that sell the hormone to animal breeding farms
PMSG is used in industrial farming and serves for the induction and synchronisation of oestrus, in particular in pigs but also in sheep, cattle and goats
In Switzerland, the use of PMSG was voluntarily banned in September 2022 by the farmers’ association, which proves that animal breeding without PMSG is possible.
I want bioengineering to get to the point where we can ethically make "meat machines" that run on hormones and glucose
But don't have brains or are sufficiently different from charismatic megafauna to not cause ethics probles
Ok I think I have a plan to Save the Server
We set a free space goal, like 20% or 50%
Do everything we can think of to clear it
And do it like once a year
Also
A “fund the server” drive
Maybe prepay for a year of the server
And since people may actually give money, some governance stuff

https://www.wired.co.uk/article/massive-attack-mezzanine-dna-album
This may also belong in <#899862731493089320>
Good thinking
These are all great ideas.
This sounds like something we could do
What if we each film a scene separately and kinda bounce back and forth

i must know how they encoded it
also
im gonna need a dna player now

oh its really small
anyway
this guy says that women, on average, have 240 sexual partners per year
he figures that means a new sexual partner every 1.5 days
he finds this idea absurd, but doesn't question his numbers.
<@&874406377982926889> Do the folks in this server know how to delete files from the server if asked or felt inspired to?
Or do we need documentation / knowledge transfer?
it would probably be a tedious process
Thumbs up 👍: "I know how to do this task on this server"
Thumbs down 👎: "I understand the question but don't know how to do it for this server"
Question ❓: "I don't understand the question"
i would like some additional tooling, then do it
Automate the boring stuff with python
yeah, I'd like to write some of that

I think the #1 automation we need is a thing to remove all files in torrents/data/ that aren't referenced in media/
then to clear space we remove the file (OR symlink!) from the media/ directory, and it deletes the stuff in torrents/data
we could even have it run once a day lol
Does Plex reference or does it copy things into movies/TV/etc?
Deluge has a post-complete action that runs filebot.py, filebot.py creates symlinks in media/
Deluge can also be configured to use a separate directory for 'in progress' torrents, and move the files to a 'completed' directory afterward
so we can set that up and have a script that clears out stuff not in media/
then media/ can be our source of truth
So media/ will be the 'completed' directory in this case?
nah
3 directories for content:
torrents/inprogress/
torrents/data/ (completed)
media/
This isn't what happens already?
Or does everything just go into torrents/data/ ?
deluge uses torrents/data/ for inprogress and completed torrents
yeah that
you know what would be awesome
clear all of the stuff in torrents/data/ that's not referenced in media/ once
then have a scheduled job that prints out all the stuff in torrents/data/ that isn't in media/ to a bot channel where we can approve their removal or assign them
Encoding music in dna? I sleep
we can get rid of rar filesets and stuff
Encoding dna for a bird that sings a different song from your album at different stages of its life and during different scenarios? Real shit
Yeah and DVD ISOs
this stupid configuration doesnt work
i have a lot of complaints lol
so like, strawberries are known to have a fuckton of pointless DNA in them
it would be pretty cool to embed your song in a strawberry
and the strawberry would reproduce your song's DNA in its own lifecycle
Lol making a CRISPR gene drive so you can genetically propagate shitposts
I've had issues with bytesized configs
Since we're paying for a box, can we just get a root shell on it an manage it ourselves?
part of the fun of bytesized is that they dont give me root and i cant fuck stuff up too bad lol
but if we want to run our own seedbox im down for it
100 terabytes!'
https://i.imgur.com/DizAeqm.mp4
so this is happening in Iran now lol





<@557419862826156042> <@232108135513325568> <@232739995960475648> <@724882617719193661> <@533424709417828382> 

Can we set up a phone number you text to set up downloads?
and push notifications for when they finish
That could be cool
Something on Twilio?
oh
the big thing
I wound up using Hulu and Netflix again because Melanie has subscriptions to them
The big thing that's missing on the service is **content discovery**
aka, content recommendations
there's really gotta be a content recommendation system for piracy lol
if there are some 'top shows on hulu' api, or some way to extract their category lists
we should download the first 1 or 2 episodes of each show
then have a thing to trigger downloading the rest
<@151994782246240257> has an incel friend who thinks this kinda stuff and idk how this kinda thing could be possible that sounds exhausting
I feel like having sex with a new person every 1.5 days is a whole full time job itself
EXACTLY
even a prostitute may not have sex that often
'average'
take a few days off, ladies
have a weekend
My thoughts exactly I don’t think any sex worker hits that number
I'm going to say it
If we want complex features like these, I really want to make collaboration as easy as possible
Judy is difficult to work on because the code changes all the time and has all sorts of sprawling features
I posit that we need to do this stuff in a more organized way if we want users to be able to (a) use their spare time to build features and (b) eventually pass the torch when this gets boring or we swear off technology and move into the woods or something
I want us to develop Judy on GitHub (or gitea if we need to self host because of piracy) and deploy that code to bytesized
I want to run a seedbox
Reddit.com/r/seedboxes has some good recommendations
Posting because I’m in a Buffalo Wild Wings
They’d have to be damn good at sales to hit that many people with no repeat customers
I want:
* 100 TB
* Lots of transfer limit (or infinite)
* Root access
* Doesn't need 10G pipe (although some offer that)
1G probably fine
* Ability to put our own OS on it in some capacity
Take a photo of yourself with the wings all in your mouth being messy
hmmm
can it be a little more fucked up
like maybe we have a web based code editor with the password `friendship`
and everything gets automatically committed and commits cant be rewritten
i would suggest we autoaccept every github pull request
but thats a big barrier to entry
Yes and why not have repeats new customers seems exhausting / higher risk
What's fucked up about this? I know that _you_ know what you're doing, but it's legit hard for me to grok what's going on under the hood
It'll end up with us just saying "Dan, implement these features" and you do it if/when you feel like it
Yeah, you'd make most of your money on consistent clients who pay well
It's a bad business model for any hourly business
I find it hard to believe such a thing as an “incel”

there's a midjourney bot for free
You haven't met one yet?
They're fascinating, and obviously suffering from mental illness
though the illness may be brainwashing
I have not met an incel.
They are a phenomenon of the Internet age right ?
we should clarify terms first, "incel" means "involuntarily celibate", but the term doesn't actually imply that, it implies a group of people who the term to refer to themselves
so nobody actually thinks they're involuntarily celibate
they are obviously doing it voluntarily
Yes, it's an internet-age thing
I see the term "incel" as a word that refers to the particular process of brainwashing
I had a friend who I met in San Francisco
I didn't know much about his life before San Francisco.
Over the course of a few months, he became an incel
He started making some light misogynistic statements, then his head started to droop during the daytime and he was sorta sullen and talked less, eventually he finally said "incel" and I found out he was reading that subreddit
Later, I found out from one of his other friends, he was actually very sexually active in high school
He also had a girlfriend while he was becoming an incel.
Get this
He would be reading a post convincing himself he's an incel, take a break to have sex with his girlfriend, then go back to reading his incel indocrination media
Seems very strange to me.
He's convinced he's involuntarily celibate when he's not celibate at all
???
<@517783191910744070> this is why I say it's brainwashing
That’s cray cray
when brainwashing someone, it's important to ask them to believe something contradictory in plain sight
like when Picard was asked to tell the Cardassians "there are five lights"
"incel" is a decentralized brainwashing program
not only does it make no sense, not only are the ideas like "my face shape will never get me a mate" or "chads have 90% of all the sex" easily falsifiable by looking at research and statistics
these people readily accept obvious contradictions
there are objectively attractive young men who post there and insist they'll never have sex]
It’s easy not to have sex
 Just get fat and don’t shower and dress funny and be obnoxious
 LoL
 Unless of course you meet a girl that has a kink for that kind of man.
lol
most people worry about incels because they hate women so much, they transfer their self-hate into misogyny
but incels kill themselves pretty often
Why do they hate themselves?
that's the brainwashing
Oh
Strange
 Usually teen testosterone leads to aggression which manifests as sexual and or social aggression
  I find it strange that instead it’s turned into self loathing.
their behavior would be consistent with childhood abuse, but most of the kids who wind up incels weren't abused
it's not just teenagers
i don't think it's caused by testosterone, i think it's just brainwashing
you can look up some of the incel indoctrination stuff if you want to understand it
they ease into it, so there's the light-misogyny stuff, and the "is it hard for you to get laid sometimes? we're here for you, bro" style questions
but basically
sex is natural, and as a natural thing there aren't direct logical or rational ways to achieve it that aren't unethical and/or illegal
when sexual desire hits, a person is supposed to talk to some people they find sexually appealing, and at first those people are supposed to turn them down
the person who's been turned down is supposed to reflect on their body and mannerisms and make adjustments to express that they are part of the sexually active group
the incel indoctrination program teaches men to do the opposite
instead of adjusting their appearance and mannerisms, reflecting, it teaches them that they should avoid making attempts to appeal to current symbolism of sexual availability
But if they already are sexually active why would they fall into the belief they’re an incel ?
exactly!
somehow it's really really good brainwashing
Hmmm
I don’t see how someone can self brainwash by reading.
But I suppose it’s possible
Since people buy books and get brainwashed by them also.
Hmm
I found and article that suggested that Incel was started as a support group for the dateless.
lol
'support group'
these people need therapy
they may have needed therapy before
i suspect most of them were fine before encountering the material
but what kind of therapy do they need?
deprogramming
Support groups in general are suspect
 They creep me out.
I mean it’s like a pity party for the helpless
But I guess there is always a Tyler Durden lurking in the shadows.

So in this article, a proto-incel began his journey after he dated his female best friend.
Oh man
 That’s like the ultimate no-no.
Reminds me of a buddy of mine that wanted a serious relationship a week after meeting this girl at a club
 He asked her on a 8 hour group outing to a theme park expecting her to be his partner
  Needless to say by hour 2, she was totally turned off by him and was saying derogatory and humiliating things to him for the remaining 6 hours.
He made it worse by asking her why she was being mean to him
Oops.
Someone should make a date simulator and market it to the proto-incels before they become incels.
It could be interesting
LoL.
I mean it could undo the brainwashing.
Niiiiiice
Support groups _can_ be helpful
Like there are some african-american support groups in San Francisco where they actually give eachother support and put them up for jobs and help walk them through getting promotions
but a support group without actual tangible support is pretty dumb
like these incels, they could have used Queer Eye, lol
its broken now
when I work for a company, I get nonvoting stock
why can't the government get nonvoting stock

Hello <@1009594368111415339> !
I've been talking about server improvements in <#979894864709824582> mostly
Our current website is here: https://bodygen.re:8081/public/index.html
We have a server hosted in the Netherlands for the movies and tv shows we've collected
It runs Plex
We won't be working on Plex.

I recommend muting channels when they get annoying
Especially <#944851560981225512> and <#970747976794386432>
Hahaha😂 gotcha I’ll do that now!
If you send a message with <@800126234297630740> in it I'll probably respond
feel free to bug me any time
My goal with the website was to make it extraordinarily easy to download stuff to the server so people can do it mid-conversation while at a bar with friends
Currently, we're running out of disk space, so we need a UI for managing content and choosing stuff to delete
Absolutely🥰 thank you for letting me join! Are there any projects people on this discord are currently working on?
Oh idunno.
@everyone ARE YOU WORKING ON ANY PROJECTS RIGHT NOW?
Oh jeez
Yeah, this whole server is a project
I don't even watch movies really
I just complain about how I want to write bot features
But yeah, <@1009594368111415339> I'm pretty active here too
Feel free to bug me too
<@800126234297630740> 😂😂😂
<@1009594368111415339> is a new developer, I'm gonna throw some work at 'em
Well, the stock is to say "this isn't legal tender but can be exchanged for it with lots of restrictions"
The government can just..
make more legal tender
The stocks aren't useful to a govt unless you can vote with them
<@557419862826156042> thank you I appreciate that! I’m a new developer like <@800126234297630740> said
I want to get my feet wet and work on some projects🥰
Have you collaborated on any software projects before? What did you like and/or not like when doing that?
I have with one project
I loved it
It was working on a website with two other developers
It was super simple but I loved collaborating with the other developers
Yes
En route to Mexico now:

https://blog.runninginthenight.com/pwd/
I want to work on more projects and really start writing more lines of code
rofl, KLOCs
i'm like a student painter so i'm always working on something
going for an education in fine art
I had no idea!
Yeah I know 😦
I just want government funding to be explicit and obvious
Haha uh what kind?
I am building things at work (proprietary can’t tell u sorry) and always working on my apartment that’s my projects.
<@151994782246240257> is friends with a self identified incel although he is really LARPing as an incel and needs therapy and also to stay away from the internet a bit more probably
He's actually a true sigma
But I suspect he is partially this way because of TBI
There are also femcels the first incel group was started by a lesbian woman
I think most incel men actually just lack female friends
I love sigma memes
So that is the biggest issue
yeah
It is very easy to believe a lot of weird random lies about a group of people you don’t interact with
omg <@636681296457891862> I got a new apartment and it's huge so I get to work on it too!
Women are like these mythical creatures so you can make up anything about them
and you and skibby should come visit for my housewarming
Also it’s easier to blame women and the “sexual marketplace” than it is to do a bit of self reflection or to recognize that perhaps some of the things that make it hard for you to date are things you can control and improve
that sounds right, `that you can control and improve`, they seem to oppose that point specifically
I have met many men who classify themselves as incels and it’s a weird self fulfilling prophecy thing
Most of these men clearly are “unattractive” to potential mates because they are obsessed with feeling sorry for themselves
And that’s a pretty unattractive trait
then we make fun of them for being incels which gives them even less confidence
Yeah it’s quite sad
I just can't support them in their incel shit
I will make fun of their ludicrous beliefs about women but I have always told these people they just should talk to a therapist
Because the reality is that the real reason they are incels is because they have low self esteem
And low self esteem can be helped with therapy
And most of them at least in the physicality realm (where they are usually convinced they are doomed) are fine
Most people are perfectly fine looking
As long as you practice decent hygiene there is a good chance your looks will not be a barrier to having sex
Yay!!
lol
And sure I guess maybe if he can get off work
Aziz Ansari had a great joke about this
I mean it’s true!!
Science’s friend thinks that being 5’10” makes him a “manlet” and women don’t want him
But he’s very fit and has a very sexy voice and gets hit on constantly
He says American women have such low standards for men
It used to be you had to wear a suit, or you had to have ambitions, or some sort of personality
When he asked his lady friends what they look for in a guy, they all said basically the same thing: "He's gotta be nice, and clean"
So idk I guess incel is really just a form of delusion brought on by low self esteem or maybe sexual trauma or maybe both
Hahahah yeah maybe!
I didn't get any dates for most of my life
then I tried 2 things
I got some normal laundry detergent, started using moisturizer and hair conditioner, and bought nice clothes that cost more than $20
Technically I'm currently working on meet me midway
And I quit talkin shit and just acted nice to people
I spoke to a lot of these kinds of guys on OkCupid back in the day and I was fully interested in the idea of meeting up and maybe if it worked out having sex until they started going on about how no one ever wants them and how lonely they are
I'll believe it when I am in the air dan
lol
And it was just really weird and awkward and sad bc like oops I guess you’re right but literally only because you did this big weird pity party that made me feel like vaguely emotionally manipulated into talking to you
good point
this time I actually signed a contract though
Like I don’t know, it’s not really a good thing to do to a friend to say like oh you’re my only friend you have to talk to me
Same vibe.
wait I signed a contract last time
He means he wants it to be whacky and hard to work with on purpose
There ya go another success story it was that easy
<@151994782246240257> the condo I was going to buy just got relisted at $275k less than I would have bought it at
women actually have surprisingly low standards
Makes sense you were trying to buy during a high and now everyone is leaving California to come back to Florida for some reason
you dont even have to be funny, which is a common thing people think
yeah
Science’s friend does midoxnil on his beard, got ripped, lost a bunch of weight, and did like 500 other things and he gets hit on everywhere he goes but he still says “I could only have sex if I settled for a hideous or obese woman”
diffrnt
Meanwhile he’s literally had women in his bed begging him to fuck them
like github and pull requests are cool, and github pushed that form of community a couple decades ago, and it turned into something pretty great
its not the only form of coding community
😜
rofl
damn
maybe he's just gay
I think in his case he doesn’t want to have sex until he knows a woman for 6 months but he’s too scared to be vulnerable about that
I think he’s just “demisexual” and he has weird religious sexual trauma
yeah demisexual is a real thing, surprisingly
But he’s convinced no woman would be ok with waiting and slowly building intimacy with him
yeah
Yeah I guess I am one of those which idk I thought everyone was but they aren’t
maybe ill buy next year
nah
its weird to me that some people are sexually attracted to "anyone female"
Are there some people like that?
yeah
That seems weird
in what way
That seems unusual though that can’t be most people
tons of them
Is sexually attracted the same as willing to have sex
Or are those separate
yes
outside of logistics and time management
But can’t you have sex with someone and not be sexually attracted to them
i suppose it's possible
<@151994782246240257> has had sex with people he doesn’t find sexually attractive
<@277939528872886272> like a personal coding project thing
Yeah you're goofin'
or contract work
I think to me being not semi sexual is I guess some people see someone and they are like instantly sexually attracted to them
Like just based on seeing them somehow
Ive been taking it analog the last few months
Work has been drinking from the SR71 jet fuel hose every day
I think if you’re sexually attracted to everyone who is female, that’s probably like hypersexual or some other thing maybe
Idk if there’s a word for that but I’m just gonna say that’s weird for now
I'm demisexual, and I'm dating somebody now, and sometimes I see them and I don't get aroused
Oh ok so in that way
Wait do people get always aroused when they see someone????
That doesn’t seem normal
Right, they don't get aroused
but some guys do find basically all women sexually attractive
Oh ok yeah
they dont erect because of it, but they do see it that way
But, I don’t think that being sexually attracted to someone means that you’re always aroused when you see them?
This conversation is difficult to follow
yeah, that's what I'm saying
Hahahaha
Ok so to me demisexual is: can experience sexual attraction but it requires some kind of deeper connection to the person first
What if you used a wiki
Idk Normal is you can find someone sexually attractive just when you look at them
Finding everyone sexually attractive when you look at them idk is just not having any discernment maybe lmao
And merges would work by just hyperlinking to a different article in the wiki with your code
I found out that a lot of dudes are actually attracted to almost every woman, and that's why it's sometimes hard for them to talk to women
Oh really?
some of them don't have trouble talking to women, and some of those men have a lot of sex
others are attracted to a almost all women but choose to not have sex, for various reasons
I guess I can believe this women who are naked online get soooo much attention even if the pictures are bad or regardless of how they look
So that’s probably a sign many men find almost any woman sexually appealing
What is a non voting stock exactly
I legit didn't think it was real
I thought guys were just saying stuff.
Like they were trying to come up with excuses for cheating or whatever
I find probably like 40% of women attractive, 50% of women suitable for sex, and 70-80% of women sexable
whats sexable vs suitable
dude yes
I thought about that
.
that's a fun idea
God I probably find like 4 people suitable to have sex with
if they support syntax highlighting I'll try it
How weird
50% of women I'd have sex with and be like yeah that was a good time I'd do that again
it took me _forever_ to understand that reason I don't have as much sex with people and why it's hard for me to find sexual partners is that I'm demisexual and not like the other people
But probably like 95% of people could potentially be someone I could want to have sex with maybe
Because 95% of people look fine
I just need a lot more information and time and whatever
that's true, they might be a lot of fun in bed
or wherever the sex happens
But like if I'm at a party or I'm just really bored or someone's trying to jump my bones and I have no reason to say no
I'd give penis to most people
No not that they would be fun
<@1009594368111415339> schedule some coding time with us! pick a time and tell us to meet here!
But that their looks aren’t a barrier to potential sexual attraction
wow, jet fuel levels
I feel similar levels of contempt for humanity though
So I only actually want to spend time with a small fraction of people
I've always wished I was more sexual
I feel that I am plenty sexual
I want 40% of people I meet to perish, 50% of people I meet to suffer, and if 70-80% of people disappeared I would not mind
this conversation is helping me feel less bad about it
But I can see what you mean
❤️
Oh good!
Yes I always feel bad because idk when or how I might want to have sex with someone
But I can understand that most people don’t want to wait a potentially indefinite amount of time for me to make up my mind about whether or not I think I would want to have sex with them
Because I literally have no clue maybe I can meet someone and hang out 4 times and want to have sex with them
My to-do list at work is literally 50+ items long right now
But maybe I can talk to someone for 5 years before I want to have sex with them
I always feel like pressured because I want people to not feel like… I’m stringing them along or something but it’s not my intention
Me vietnam war medic doing triafe
I just find that stuff confusing idk how it happens it is a mystery! So glad if that helps you feel better I think we are normal
Okay that sounds great! How about Friday around 4pm?
Or I guess I’m not sexual in action but I find sex and sexuality really fun to talk about but I guess that’s different
Yea haha
it's great for my career
bad for maintaining irl mana levels after hours
This is like saying 

"I'd like to make a cake
Betty Crocker pushed the idea of using ovens to bake cakes, but it's not the only form of heat to cook with
Let's explore using microwave ovens"
That's fine, but it means that there are now two projects:
1) making cakes generally using this new method
2) making the specific cake you wanted in the first place
Well yeah
How long have you known Dan
That's his Mo
Yeah, I know
I've known him long enough to know that if I agree to his wacky left field ideas, we may start, get bored, give up, and do something else before the original thing gets done
And so we have to decide if we're trying to innovate on a codebase using boring/known tools/processes, or innovate on a community by experimenting with new ways of technical collaboration with the expectation that we can have false starts and slow progress
I want the boring collaboration process at first because more people here and elsewhere are already familiar with it
4pm MST?
However, I'm totally into innovating on the process once multiple people understand the codebase and can help move things to the new model
The wiki idea is cool though
You could have code blocks in markdown files and they all get compiled with a static site generator
Then the "documentation is the code"
Basically like Jupyter notebooks or Matlab presentations
Wait
Judy is python
Why _don't_ we use Jupyter notebooks?
I’m working on a spaceship that goes to the moon
Does that count?
I suppose
I've used them on the server before
I can hear the disappointment of a Jewish Mother in your tone of text
im working on an interactive map for an industrial client at work
it's kind of fun because im fixing the mess of all those who left before me and i'm getting it right.
my current big project is not being sick anymore cause i was sick like all of october
This is a good attitude I am dealing with bad code that was passed to us and I need a better attitude about it lol
dont get me wrong, i've nearly lost my mind getting here lol
I think I’m going crazy because bad code is still being actively written and contributed
Slices of value tied to the value of the company that you can sell for money
For example, Google has Voting Shares (Class A, $GOOGL) and Nonvoting Shares (class C, $GOOG)
https://seekingalpha.com/article/2696325-google-class-a-vs-class-c-buy-googl-steer-clear-of-goog
It's like a cryptocurrency that doesn't use the coin as a "governance token" and is just something you can swap for dollarinos
I'm writing a custom embedded Linux distro for a satellite constellation
Yes🥰
It has a lot of bad code and I worry it's going to fail the mission
But, I am told that this is a "delivery project" not a "development project"
So I don't worry myself too much about it
Is it fun?
Linux is fun, and the application is interesting
It's what I want to be paid to do
the company/team is a bit boring
I reckon that’s worth dealing with
Yeah
It's aiight
Download smoke signals
https://youtu.be/EauvwU2iWFI
I was kind of motivated to work on Judy last night, but I ended up just running demo code for PyO3
It's that neat Rust <--> Python project
Most of the Judy features are just async calls running in a super loop, right?
If we don't have to deal with too much message passing or IPC, it shouldn't be hard to port the code to modular plugins that are called from a main thread and spawn their own
lol
judy is a super hack job
there actually is IPC
from Judy to web_backend (which is the website)
the discord bot library is all asyncio, yes, so all async functions
maybe that can be decoupled from the discord bot portions
I opened the 850 line Judy.py file and closed it shortly after
I'm just gonna port features instead of fixing it up lol
lol
I started splitting Judy up into different files
some stuff in there could easily be split out and made into utilities
or modules
most of the lines are trivial if/then things in one handler function
it's really not that complex lol
just long
I was thinking about adding a 'modules/' directory and autoloading every .py file in 'modules/'
then people can arbitrarily add new functionality and it still looks pretty
That's what I was thinking too
I also think it would be fun to have a general request distributor
currently, some of Judy's commands make requests to web_backend
if you think about it, it's kind of just passing the request to web_backend
it would be kinda fun to have a discord message handler on web_backend lol
then you could do the same in rust
or make your own bot idc lol
<@557419862826156042> ok so the real reason i hesitate to jump on the github pr pattern is that, as you said, so far I'm basically the only person doing dev work
i want other people to hack on it and add dumb features, so i want to lower the barrier the entry
it's also hard to test a discord bot locally, so they would be submitting mostly untested code to be merged.
i'm not super interested in pull requests that fix spaces in comment lines, i want people to fuck shit up
when people load their projects onto github, unless they do something else to get the community engaged, the people who do submit PR's are reluctant to refactor or add features and most PR's are noop's to feed the submitter's ego
i'm all about improving people's egos, but id rather they do it in some sort of subversive and/or illegal way
like i give everyone the password to ssh into the server and still nobody's tried to hack it
🙂
You want people to fuck shit up
https://youtu.be/EUFKkEkU0P4
Judy _is_ subversive and illegal
she's just hard to work on
you have mentioned the "noop's to feed the submitter's ego" thing before in other contexts but I've never really understood it or agreed with it.
I just want a way for multiple people to work on a shared codebase that doesn't involve SSHing into the server, attaching to a tmux session, seeing if the file is already open in a vim buffer, and understanding where to put my shitpost generator code
yeah, the ssh part sucks
i agree with this
who cares about fixes to spaces in comments
i looked around for web IDE's and tried a few
jupyter was the most reliable so far, but you need to get the current hash/password
the other ones i tried were so heavy
I haven't tried setting it up myself
what hash/pw?
when you start a jupyter notebook, it starts a web server
that web server has a hash instead of a password
it goes in the url
there might be a config for it
ah, yeah
```
## Hashed password to use for web authentication.
#  
#                        To generate, type in a python/IPython shell:
#  
#                          from notebook.auth import passwd; passwd()
#  
#                        The string should be of the form type:salt:hashed-
#  password.
#  Default: ''
# c.NotebookApp.password = ''
```
I would set up github if I thought it would actually get people to contribute
i didn't want to run Judy's process from a Jupyter notebook terminal emulator because those close randomly sometimes
could be my fault, and maybe that's stable enough
this is literally the only way I know how to collaborate on software projectsd
git generally, not just the Hub
we could email patches like the good ol days
yeah
it's in git, lol
but mostly for undo/redo
I want contributing to the bot to be something people can do impulsively
yes
impulsive edits mean least barrier to entry
lots of complexity hidden'
the changes I would do are things like:
- syntax-highlighted web-based code editor
- process supervisor
* restart the process when files change
* restart automatically when it crashes
* restart regularly for when it gets stuck
- realtime process log viewer
- 'submit a function' feature on web
- a lot of exception handling and protections for user-submitted code
i wrote a really lame process supervisor so far
the Judy bot is pretty great because it's just a list of functions, so each function could be it's own little isolated thing
we have 5 functions right now, only about 8 of them are used
the web_backend is actually pretty similar, it's Flask so it's just a bunch of functions
I'm down to do this refactor, and have autoloaded modules
we can write a custom syntax-highlighted code and function editor, or we can try jupyter
I think it'd be pretty dope to write our own editor
<@1009594368111415339> you want in on this meta stuff? 😃
BodyGen.re FaaS bot

** MaaS
MERCURY AS A SERVICE
i love it
☿aaS
i love this project idea
<@724882617719193661> please advise on the use of planets
i'd actually make ☿aaS a github project

woah i forgot about that
i tried to call it ☿aaS but github doesnt like that symbol so i called it HgaaS
I have tomorrow off and this sounds fun
lol
> HgaaS is the future of math.
lol
hey: https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces
this is cool
https://twitter.com/JoshuaPHilll/status/1590696859869536256
lol
this is what i mean when i say user accounts are dumb
having people 'sign up' for an account doesnt get rid of the need to verify them and deal with fraud/abuse
the better you handle fraud/abuse, the less you need user accounts
but also, having user accounts doesn't really fix fraud/abuse
so you have to handle fraud/abuse, you don't really need user accounts

One thing I learned in college is that it’s easy date someone but difficult to un-date them
 The corollary is to never date crazy people and definitely don’t have sex with them
  LoL
I would say that my observation is more relevant given that there are more students with a liberal/left worldview and there is a study that suggests white liberals are more likely to have mental health issues.
Hmmm
I wonder if that's biased by self-reporting
Maybe conservatives don't seek medical attention
I've met a bunch of conservatives who very clearly need therapy and are suffering from traumatic childhoods but refuse to get treatment.
Their most common argument is that getting treatment might, some day, result in them losing their ability to legally own a gun.
It makes sense that a political leaning that's favorable to mental health treatment would have more mental health treatment, and the one that's against mental health treatment would have less.
I've also met some people who refuse to get treatment because doing so would jeopardize their security clearance.
so what we do know is that the left/liberals have more diagnosed mental illness
what we dont know is how much undiagnosed and untreated mental illness the  right/conservatives have
I don't understand why people who want to own guns worry about legally owning them
I felt discouraged pursuing my private pilots license once I started mental health treatment
Didn't think I'd be able to pass the medical evaluation
But I no longer believe that's true
You just need the therapist to say "yeah this person isn't intentionally gonna crash their plane into an orphanage" in writing and submit it along with the rest of your medical evaluation
classic Alan Kay https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTLaCVFdwT0

Lol wamenz
https://wiki.p2pfoundation.net/Counter-Anti-Disintermediation
Huhu
yall see this? https://faultlore.com/blah/c-isnt-a-language/

Download Emily the criminal
w.r.t
division of labor, what things do you want to work on and what things can I take on such that we don't duplicate effort?
well atm I kinda want to hack together the HgaaS POC
as awfully as i can
HgaaS has been a project I've wanted for a long time lol
BUT
if you really dont want to refactor Judy or web_backend, I know what to refactor
I can do that quickly
what do you want to work on?
<@724882617719193661> dev day?
I want to work on Judy2D
Which is to say, refactoring Judy and moving the web_backend into its own thing
web_backend is its own thing
judy makes calls to web_backend
Oh, my bad
Yeah, I'll just refactor Judy
cool cool
a bunch of the functions aren't being used
i was using Judy as a place to schedule jobs, and those jobs would add movies based on youtube lists, or read the news
you know
to be honest
we've actually convinced people to make a few nice libraries
new devs come in here, or nondevs who want to dev, or nondevs who hate dev but do it anyway
it would be kinda neat/funny to make a BodyGenre lib
why do you still do this Judy
ill refactor web_backend
I'm an ideas guy
More of a code bardo bard than a code coder bardo
And I oppose github
I think if there are official avenues for things then when you try to convince people to hack shit together they are less likely to do so unless you show buy in to their official hogwash
omg i love you <@151994782246240257>
please advise the HgaaS project
It should do different things when mercury is in retrograde
HAH
ok that's in
shoudl we have baphomet on it or something
with this hand gesture
I like that baphomet has big goth tiddies
Hi! I'm Judy-2D
I'm a hooty-tooty disco cutie!
Hi! I'm Judy-2D
I'm a hooty-tooty disco cutie!
hello
what's up
!test
This is a reply to the test.
<@1021246140076785724> Today is Thursday
!test howdy
!test
This is a reply to the test.
!quit
why
why?
we live in a different world now than we did yesterday
in other words, I messed with channel categories
I am an admin which makes me a GOD OF THIS SERVER
I LUST FOR POWER
but I also value and encourage feedback
Please let me know if you have any thoughts on how things are organized
<@800126234297630740>
we can discuss how to rule this fiefdom
in this channel
I think less important that “has mental health problems” is the kind
If the concern is about undating then you’re looking for narcissistic people, people who suffer from delusions, or obsessive people I would think (stalker tendencies associated with this)
Narcissism isn’t liberal or right wing according to most studies but is more highly associated with prejudice beliefs and higher political involvement
Additionally the studies that conclude that liberals are more mentally ill are just self reporting surveys
Literally most are 5 questions like “do you have a mental illness?” So the bias on that… questionable
Meanwhile conservatives are more likely to kill themselves https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/04/130405064029.htm — so I don’t really think political beliefs are a great indicator of mental illness unless the political beliefs are extremely strong and mostly about the person feeling self important — then maybe an indicator for narcissism which would set off potential stalker vibes to me.
<@800126234297630740> we can discuss money things in this channgel
@here how do you all feel about this channel becoming #bad-poetry? or, do y'all prefer constraining it to autistic simulacra?
Like maybe if someone thinks that JFK never died and trump is still secretly the president and that Joe Biden is a robot from outer space idk maybe that is a cause for mental health concern
I have no opinion on the matter
I am glad your power lust can be satisfied in such a harmless manner


Also the gun thing and mental health thing is funny because I have always said that I would willingly put myself on the no gun list but they don’t have that option
Like why not they should
I would like to sign up for the list of people that you shouldn’t sell a gun to
I think if it would make you happy for consistency you should do it
I laughed at "peanut allergy"
If you have "Do Not Resuscitate" on a shirt, but the EMTs have to remove your shirt, does it still apply?
I think so
I'm like Cosmo from that Fairly Oddparents episode when he becomes "bad" and the worst thing he can think to do is create soap scum
https://m.facebook.com/RememberWhenNick/videos/cosmos-mean-lessons/452904402183767/
Well, in that case I should just make my tank top say peepee poopoo instead
I like it, velveteen of course also
hahaha the channels were renamed again
i love it
weirdly, I want a lot of complex governance
I would like to govern this server as a Nomic game
so I guess we choose a list of initial participants and authority to create new rules goes person to person clockwise
omg if people would help finance things lol
is there a cheap and simple way to have an account of money to pay bills
I guess ByteSized supports bitcoin
we could fundraise bitcoin
niiiice
hmmm
it originally started as a joke about autistic poetry
and how we sort of just say things that, to an outsider, may look like poetry
I'm on the fence\
push me!
yeah
that would be kind of nice
if i ever try to buy a gun, im either manic or under duress
take me to a police station or hospital
are there any multigenerational serial killers?
I think we should trim some of the bad channels
and add more new ones
Yeet or combine?
yeet
this actually makes sense for the new governance channel
A nomic governance model would be amazing
the #bad- channels are awesome and i always want to make new ones
i love that the #bad- channels dont have a perfectly-named sub-reddit like specific channel
because i have to find the most relevant channel, and it expands my mind, like a fun drug
WHAT IF
the bot created a new #bad- channel with a command
!badchan something
and it removes the channell with the oldest most-recent message
Depending on how trustworthy we are, if people don't want to deal with Bitcoin they can pay a "fiscal sponsor" who will buy it on their behalf
Or are we going to make everyone become a crypto bro now that the entire market is crashing 🤣
BodyGenreDAO
all it does it receive money and pay our bytesized bill once a month
This is good
And a nomic rule could be the number of bad channels
rofl
yes
ok im gonna code some shit now
I'm doing webbackend right
I bought Olivia a lady pee funnel so she can pee in bottles like dudes

https://tenor.com/view/jurassi-park-gotta-go-when-you-gotta-go-jeff-goldblum-gif-13861571
As a gag, I kind of want to issue NFTs as receipts
lol
we could buy some NFTs for <$50
We could buy some for pennies probably
https://m.facebook.com/RememberWhenNick/videos/cosmos-mean-lessons/452904402183767/

<@724882617719193661> is the only <@&959843140427186207> right now
What if that role was for the person who can make the governance rule?
And they pass it on to someone else
seein as <@724882617719193661> is the only <@&959843140427186207> right now, i leave that decision up to him
😂
I like this channel because it's creative rather than analytical
#bad is mostly "look at this bad thing that currently exists and experience it"
this channel belongs more in the search for truth
I find the neurodivergent part of the poetry a difficult constraint
and I end up just putting weird poetry or non-poetry  that's sort of poetic
Yeah like something is wrong reject the sale pls
download jack daniels ninja
<@151994782246240257> dream meal
download jack daniels ninja
download jack daniels ninja
What do you mean?
download jack daniels ninja
I pay all of my bills auto pay directly from my debit account then I pay for everything else on credit and pay off my credit whenever I feel like it bc I always have one card that’s got a 0 interest APR offer going
What are you doing right now that makes paying bills hard?
download jack daniels ninja
download jack daniels ninja
download shrek2
download shrek 2
download shrek 2005
Idk if this is because of the hotel I’m at for this STEM conference and if because I am binging Shark Tank but an ad on the TV literally just said “it’s late at night and you can’t sleep, of course you can’t you’re a CIO” like wtf???
ok <@557419862826156042> i refactored web_backend into modules
not sure if anything is still broken
i got the module loading to work
```python
# import all modules/
for t in glob.glob('modules/*.py'):
   __import__(t.replace('/','.')[0:-3])
modules = __import__('modules')

# register all module endpoints with flask
for k, m in modules.__dict__.items():
    if isinstance(m, ModuleType):
        m.register(app)
```
so each module just has to have a `register` function
im not too sure about how i structured my `register` functions
i just took the functions and tabbed them up 4spaces
passed the `app` in so the function decorators work
Paying for a server in Norway that lets us illegally download and stream movies
Hahaha
"why do you think you're qualified to be the chief information officer for our multinational corporation?"

"I have insomnia"

"You're hired!"
Oh ok
That can’t go on autopay?
It was for some stupid tech service
Rent-an-Executive?
We could, actually
It was for Comcast actually lmao
Oh there you go
We are trying to enable something that allows shared contributions, however
I suppose we could all just send money to Dan
But we're also mulling over complicated <#1040452005744881664> models so maybe we can incorporate the finances into that
lololol I made a DAO on colony.io and a custom token called BodyGen ($BGEN)
I created 10 BGENs and sent 2 to my personal wallet
again, I'm going mad with power over here.
https://tenor.com/view/the-mask-jim-carrey-stop-me-somebody-help-gif-9918476
https://xdai.colony.io/colony/bodygenre
someone else see if they can join this
you need a metamask wallet
if you use the brave browser, it's integrated
it's silly complicated
https://xdai.colony.io/colony/bodygenre
Oh my god

If there’s a spec channel this goes to I’ll move it there but wtf modern romance fiction tarnishing radishes
For projects on my end, I cleaned up my website!
I think we should start using neurodivergent- as the opposite of "bad-" in our naming scheme
I declare myself in charge of things
Lmaooo
I don’t understand where General is anymore
<#788925423420964909>
This is a neurodivergent suggestion, thanks
Cool! Can you link to your site again?
<@151994782246240257> you are now a speaker of truth
Happy veterans day
Omg yes
I’m watching it now
We should probably do a watch movie

His Wikipedia photo is him with his eyes closed
<@557419862826156042> im gonna start refactoring judy into the module pattern
As you wish!
> he's got space lasers to shoot you down from the sky
> cell phones, laptops, and implants in his eyes
> 
> wakes up next to his car, "help me" written in blood
> 
> did he dream that? is he just crazy?
> wandering the strip his eyes are glazy
> ex-girlfriend in a bag in the desert, just a skull
> if you aint hackin GPS satellites, you're dull
> 
> he whips up bioterror in his "genius, little, setup"
> dozen medals on his boyish denim getup
> he's gotta get back to be with his boo
> but before he does he gonna kill you
> 
> double-tap to the head, which apparently you did yourself
> 
> blat blat to the east and west side
> he'll shoot in your general direction
> but he don't hit nuttin
> he's just the best, so better stop frontin
> 
> he sells anthrax to gunman 2 or 3 feet away
> he helps despotic governments kill journalists for pay
> which he gives to orphans 'cause all he really need is tuna
> live in his car, trunk open, lappy out, he a satellite tuner' 
> 
> he'll harpoon you in the gut with his devlish wit
> if he gets caught for his shit you know they gotta acquit
> cuz he's a deadman thumbin his vicarious switch
> a man on the lam makin movies and shit 
> 
> he got a rock in his pocket, to heal the honeys
> got skill but for real he dont need no money!
blargh
blargh
blargh
asdf
~asdf
~asdf
~asdf
!asdf
asdf
$asdf
~asdf
!asdf
$asdf
asdf
asdf
!asdf
I do yea
~asdf
$asdf
~asdf asdf
!asdf asdf
$asdf asdf
asdf asdf
$asdf asdf
$asdf
$asdf
99!
!99
download 2000 mules
download 2000 mules
download some sort of movie
download some sort of movie
download some sort of movie
downloading: `5G Wireless Warfare - Radiation &amp; Mind Control 1080p - (0 leech / 1 seed) - 0.51gb`
download radiation
ok downloading works again

Is anyone in this gc working in a tech company rn?
yeah
what's a gc
but also yeah
I work at LinkedIn, <@557419862826156042> works at a space company
Gc is group chat
ohh ok
Okay I just was curious
if you want a referral, let us know
we get paid if you get hired
Hahaha okay😂
its like $15k sometimes
no joke i want you to get hired lol
Aw you’re sweet thank you
I’m wondering if I should even apply with all the layoffs but I’m starting freelancing like you said
you probably wont get hired until next year but it's okay to apply now
most big companies have a rule where you can apply every 6 or 12 months
they do want to hire you, and they want to give you a chance, because you might be fuckin awesome and they dont want to lose a chance at hiring you
hahaha


Yes, apply as often as you can
A bit of advice I got:

> Never take yourself out of the job market.
Always apply
Do interviews even when you're happy in your job.
Someone might give you a better offer
If they give you a better offer, you'd probably take it
If you don't do interviews, you won't get a better offer.
Some people avoid doing interviews because they're *afraid* of getting a better offer
Not interviewing is their way around the issue.
When enough people don't interview, it lowers salaries for all of us.
ok <@557419862826156042> i refactored a lot and i think it's broken in some features we rarely use but it's refactored now
